## 09:41:13
RT @theblaze: President Trump calls for 'patriotic education' in schools: 'Left's war on police, faith, history, and American values is tea…
## 12:41:59
RT @catturd2: If Nancy Pelosi can get her hair done in person - you can vote in person. 

Pass it on.
## 09:58:34
The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far! https://t.co/eH4XN6S9IM
## 14:24:16
2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
## 13:12:29
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!
## 10:04:38
RT @Newsweek: Tucker Carlson says CNN's Chris Cuomo was accused of sexual harassment https://t.co/hHWZ9ZbHjL
## 10:03:29
RT @thebradfordfile: Michael Cohen and Chris Cuomo have both spent four years trying to screw President Trump--but only ended up screwing t…
## 09:19:14
RT @thebradfordfile: CNN finally has a bombshell news story, but it's sexual harassment allegations against Chris Cuomo. 

And Tucker Carls…
## 12:42:37
RT @TrumpWarRoom: On the left: Nancy Pelosi today shaming Americans, saying "you must wear your mask."

On the right: Nancy Pelosi yesterda…
## 10:12:15
Rigged Election? https://t.co/LK0gp40luC
## 10:01:41
RT @thebradfordfile: LOL. The unhinged mob wanted to cancel Tucker Carlson, but it's Chris Cuomo who might be done.
## 09:40:41
We catch them all! https://t.co/YuDZ1wqekL
## 14:28:22
Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
## 12:40:13
Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader? https://t.co/vgYqhuA4BV
## 12:26:11
Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!
## 09:51:56
RT @theblaze: 'Reliable Sources' host blames 'radicalization' in the U.S. that has led to 'media bashing that is absolutely unprecedented'…
## 09:31:32
Will Fredo be fired by Fake News @CNN? He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredo’s Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go! https://t.co/veVwg7G1YF
## 09:54:21
Some things just don’t get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over! https://t.co/86SCqZ05ZG
## 13:28:31
The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!
## 14:22:56
We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!
## 09:46:47
See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser! https://t.co/DKYVBpbpP7
## 09:39:18
Like Fredo at Fake News @CNN, the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists”. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!! https://t.co/a5HSIEXlQL
## 02:27:32
Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned (with press) to W.H... https://t.co/GUVdbJRvqD
## 09:19:35
RT @thebradfordfile: Tucker Carlson's laughter as he just exposed Chris Cuomo is the best thing on television this week.
## 09:51:00
This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/7svcF76kvc
## 13:22:01
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
## 10:11:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mike Pence was never put on standby, &amp; there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story.…
