## 01:03:01
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump fixed the VA after Obama-Biden left it in shambles/scandal

Trump is trying to end forever wars. Biden voted for…
## 01:00:00
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: “Peaceful Riots” “Peaceful Looting” and “Peaceful Arson”
## 14:09:29
Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?
## 01:02:42
RT @HerschelWalker: ⁦@JoeBiden⁩ came to office 1973! 6 Term Senator, 2 Term VP - what did he do for African Americans? Remember "Black and…
## 13:53:38
Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election https://t.co/LmXVsqOJzP via @BreitbartNews. Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden &amp; Hunter got in!
## 01:01:32
RT @Surabees: It says everything about how broken the media is that after @JeffreyGoldberg helped lie this nation into the Iraq War, he was…
## 12:12:04
RT @Bewater57249897: @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/dvKdSbEp6T
## 13:59:28
Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life.
## 13:38:36
Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!
## 14:02:09
10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!
## 00:59:16
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thousands of Americans died and even more came home wounded because career politicians like Joe Biden voted to send the…
## 12:21:31
Thank you! https://t.co/IFOflRdk4q
## 12:25:59
A so-called peaceful protest! https://t.co/RYchH5x5cS
## 13:26:39
Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus (China Virus), especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines (Plus) are coming, and fast!
## 12:10:19
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Joe Biden's supporters are destroying communities across America. #BidenRiots

https://t.co/t5VbCfFG2G
## 00:43:39
A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, &amp; Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!
