## 15:21:41
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!
## 21:44:48
RT @BryanLlenas: Outside of the hangar at airport in Latrobe, Pennsylvania hours before President Trump’s 7pm really. https://t.co/F49hr3nT…
## 00:40:51
Thank you Michele! https://t.co/0Z7KzA9lb8
## 21:51:20
RT @QuickTake: “They think because I’m Black, that I have to vote Democrat.”

In 2016, Trump won 8% of Black voters and 28% of Hispanic vot…
## 21:06:56
...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life, and not execute him. Thank you! @UFC @DanaWhite @FoxNews https://t.co/NkJb4IsQpt
## 13:46:36
.@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!
## 15:12:42
.@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
## 21:48:07
Thank you!!! https://t.co/YN266XHWfM
## 00:23:00
https://t.co/dmijM5qHxz https://t.co/8c3ehazrAy
## 22:18:15
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
https://t.co/aYYsyWXeA4
## 21:47:56
Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law &amp; Order!
## 12:38:03
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
## 21:06:55
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”...
## 22:35:19
Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews  @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!
## 21:52:51
RT @BW: Minority Mold-Breakers: In 2016, Trump won 8% of Black voters and 28% of Hispanic voters, outdoing former Republican presidential c…
## 00:27:21
My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45
## 18:27:10
Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
## 21:22:52
I’m going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe! https://t.co/reDdJIe4WX
## 17:20:36
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
## 22:57:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House…
## 21:54:47
RT @RepVernonJones: Yes, @BlackVoices4DJT is surfacing in #ATL. @realDonaldTrump will take the #peach state with Black voters tired of 47 y…
## 21:45:08
RT @shanedunlap: Supporters of President Trump are lined up to take shuttles into Arnold Palmer airport for the president’s arrival tonight…
## 13:35:20
Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, &amp; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB! https://t.co/p2H40mD7Sh
## 14:32:35
....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &amp; tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
