## 12:38:21
RT @realchrisrufo: On Tuesday, I called on the President to abolish critical race theory in the federal government. Tonight, he delivered.…
## 04:28:06
RT @KellyannePolls: More #economicrecovery highlights:

4th straight month of 1m + jobs added

2nd largest drop ever in unemployment for wo…
## 04:09:24
RT @JHoganGidley: Thanks for another powerful Police endorsement! 

@realDonaldTrump DEFENDS the police. 
Biden DEFUNDS the police.

Presid…
## 04:03:25
RT @mschlapp: This election is much more than a decision between @JoeBiden  &amp; @realDonaldTrump. This election determines whether America wi…
## 04:25:06
RT @NatalieJHarp: We are living a GREAT AMERICAN STORY—only because you are in it, President @realDonaldTrump!

“Every time I think of you,…
## 12:41:11
RT @realDailyWire: BREAKING: Trump Bans Federal Money From Funding Far-Left Anti-American ‘Critical Race Theory’ https://t.co/t292f4LSkq ht…
## 00:52:53
RT @generalkellogg: The Atlantic story is completely false. Absolutely lacks merit. I’ve been by the President’s side. He has always shown…
## 04:27:53
RT @FrankLuntz: “Trump received 28% of the Hispanic vote four years ago. But a fresh national ⁦@QuinnipiacPoll⁩ pegged the president’s supp…
## 12:36:49
RT @RussVought45: The days of taxpayer funded indoctrination trainings that sow division and racism are over. Under the direction of @POTUS…
## 19:54:30
RT @QuickTake: LIVE: “These things could only happen under a Trump administration … it’s happened in the Balkans, it’s happened in the Midd…
## 04:08:48
RT @JHoganGidley: Thanks to @realDonaldTrump's economic policies and leadership, America added 1.4 million jobs last month! 

The United St…
## 04:17:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue…
## 03:53:39
RT @HSajwanization: I have no personal interest with Mr. Trump, nor I am an American, but this gesture really moved me !! Thank you @realDo…
## 03:33:25
Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump https://t.co/gDvXXn9tcH via @BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House”.
## 12:46:32
RT @DrKarlynB: YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! Look what you did @realchrisrufo!
## 04:13:25
RT @SarahHuckabee: These were some of the moments I witnessed the President show his heart and demonstrate how much he respects the selfles…
## 12:44:09
RT @SwipeWright: WHITE HOUSE: "The divisive, false, and demeaning propaganda of the critical race theory movement is contrary to all we sta…
## 04:02:02
RT @SharylAttkisson: 3-“President Trump Is Only the Third US President to Spend Thanksgiving with US Troops in a Combat Zone or US Troops A…
## 03:54:27
RT @SharylAttkisson: 2-Trump's actions and talk of ending Afghan war and drawing down troops in Germany have not made him popular among the…
## 03:56:48
Thank you to our wonderful First Lady! https://t.co/NSrfVgvbMF
## 12:13:19
Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many! https://t.co/XTSFEoxyAM
## 12:38:46
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: The President and his Administration are fully committed to the fair and equal treatment of all individuals in the Unit…
## 12:39:36
RT @PhilipWegmann: NEW: Trump to go to war with "critical race theory," demands federal agencies identify and then strip funding for traini…
## 12:43:54
RT @tomascol: WOW. @realDonaldTrump has ordered all federal agencies to “cease and desist” any government training programs that include an…
## 12:43:07
RT @stillgray: Trump is banning Critical Race Theory in the federal government. No more of this garbage, especially not on taxpayer dollars.
## 02:58:25
Exclusive: Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump https://t.co/IoKXU2a9EU via @BreitbartNews Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!
## 04:22:16
Nice flag! https://t.co/Mab6n7TBzg
## 03:37:19
First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘ https://t.co/M0iG6zmmTV via @BreitbartNews
## 00:52:18
RT @JMMulvaney1: I never heard the President disparage our war dead or wounded.   In fact, the exact opposite is true.  I was with him at t…
## 04:26:23
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Fox News' John Roberts says two people he spoke with refuted the false Atlantic magazine story. https://t.co/2cvgxLDVL6 h…
## 12:45:10
RT @EmeraldRobinson: Trump Tells Federal Government to Stop Anti-American Training on Critical Race Theory!

You're welcome, America. https…
## 12:33:08
RT @ColumbiaBugle: @realDonaldTrump @BreitbartNews Sorry liberals! How to be Anti-White 101 is permanently cancelled! https://t.co/mqSzy32K…
## 12:40:07
RT @theblaze: Breaking: President @realDonaldTrump orders defunding of 'un-American propaganda' teaching white privilege and critical race…
## 03:59:53
Thank you Mark! https://t.co/pLpJBFnyNz
## 18:19:39
https://t.co/P8bokc3wEU
## 12:47:10
Not any more! https://t.co/7Z2wxA6K13
## 12:31:20
....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, &amp; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they won’t, we will WIN, &amp; have four great years!
## 04:03:43
RT @mschlapp: The Losers and Suckers work for the Atlantic. 

They are colluding w the socialists to stop Trump. 

The more the swamp and t…
## 04:17:16
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/1vMZMmm6KZ
## 20:16:10
Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner (a very good one) of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do!
## 04:04:28
RT @GreggJarrett: ??? Biden: ‘CoVID has Taken This Year, More than 100 Years, Look… The Lives, When You Think About it!’ https://t.co/Awx2g…
## 00:52:31
RT @DanScavino: I was with POTUS in France, with Sarah, and have been at his side throughout it all. Complete lies by “anonymous sources” t…
## 12:54:14
Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends
## 12:40:54
RT @glennbeck: Yet another very important difference between ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and #BeijingBiden.  Thank you mr president for understandin…
## 04:13:29
RT @SarahHuckabee: The Atlantic story on @realDonaldTrump is total BS. I was actually there and one of the people part of the discussion -…
## 12:31:19
You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge..
## 12:43:27
RT @DC_Draino: The tides are finally turning against critical race theory
## 04:03:11
RT @mschlapp: .@PamBondi is disgusted by the socialist, big city mayors refusing to allow @realDonaldTrump to help protect American citizen…
## 03:24:16
Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe https://t.co/jKoSRtvLBG via @BreitbartNews. Great!!!
## 04:09:03
RT @JHoganGidley: My response to the horrible lies from anonymous “sources” in the Atlantic: https://t.co/uHtgJvrwCb
## 04:26:07
So true! https://t.co/0f8hl4vhCS
## 12:41:03
RT @HalleyBorderCol: omg, Trump is halting all government critical race theory training!

This is amazing.
https://t.co/UsV4OhVBsW https://…
## 03:55:00
RT @SharylAttkisson: 3-He is also under attack by pharmaceutical industry for his landmark executive order that says US pharma companies ha…
## 00:52:49
RT @MarkMeadows: In the time that I’ve known @realDonaldTrump, both as a member of Congress and most recently serving as his Chief of Staff…
## 12:40:21
RT @MarinaMedvin: 🔥 Trump’s administration cracks down on racist teachings in various executive branch agencies: “divisive, false, and deme…
## 03:58:35
RT @Cameron_Gray: "Thank you" - Trump campaign ad team
## 16:45:14
RT @markknoller: Pres announces major breakthrough toward normalization of economic relations between Kosovo and Serbia. Calls it a first s…
## 11:52:06
Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies https://t.co/ygXcTXRHsQ via @BreitbartNews  This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!
## 12:44:28
RT @mirandadevine: Bravo! Trump Bans Federal Money From Funding Far-Left Anti-American ‘Critical Race Theory’  https://t.co/Q5YQ5pELnR
## 19:53:37
RT @AP: Serbia and Kosovo announce that they have normalized economic ties as part of U.S.-brokered discussions that also include Serbia mo…
## 03:19:24
Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story https://t.co/rUpbSWhHac via @BreitbartNews  All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. @FoxNews is gone!
## 12:46:28
RT @DrKarlynB: Seriously this is so incredibly important. As an I/O psychologist, I’ve seen the results of these trainings. Not only are th…
## 20:08:03
Thank you! https://t.co/TgVkWA7irF
