## 18:41:15
https://t.co/S72PSSLwtk
## 19:49:29
https://t.co/iKDViFDlxD
## 02:11:05
RT @SenatorWicker: Amy Coney Barrett is an outstanding judge and an even better person. I commend President Trump on another exceptional pi…
## 02:09:23
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump As the Chairman of the @senjudiciary Committee, I’m very committed to ensuring the nominee gets a cha…
## 02:10:37
RT @SenRickScott: I applaud President @realDonaldTrump’s nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to service on the U.S. Supreme Court. 

She is a b…
## 01:57:03
RT @SenTomCotton: Judge Amy Coney Barrett is one of the finest legal minds of her generation and has now proven to be a wise judge as well.…
## 02:06:05
RT @TommyHicksGOP: President @realDonaldTrump is upholding his constitutional duty by swiftly nominating someone to the Supreme Court.
 
Hi…
## 02:08:49
RT @senatemajldr: Judge Amy Coney Barrett is an exceptionally impressive jurist and an exceedingly well-qualified nominee to the Supreme Co…
## 02:09:34
RT @SenKevinCramer: Excellent choice, President @realDonaldTrump.

Judge Amy Coney Barrett seems made for this moment.

She’s a brilliant l…
## 01:56:27
RT @SenSasse: Judge Barrett is a brilliant legal thinker and will be an excellent Supreme Court Justice. https://t.co/e9NQJreV7h
## 02:10:57
RT @JimInhofe: .@realDonaldTrump made the right choice by choosing Amy Coney Barrett to serve on the Supreme Court. Throughout her career,…
## 20:45:26
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: After Joe Biden's brain freezes, MSNBC anchor has to feed him a line https://t.co/pymKXjlqhf
## 02:09:07
RT @SenRubioPress: Senator Rubio issued the following statement regarding the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court.

R…
## 13:44:41
Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance! https://t.co/QC2zv4IhYJ
## 01:56:46
RT @ChuckGrassley: Judge Barrett is an inspiring American+highly respected jurist She’s an excellent choice for Supreme Ct When hearings be…
## 02:06:20
RT @GOP: Patrick Yoes, President of the National Fraternal Order of Police to @realDonaldTrump:
 
“You sir, have never turned your back on…
## 13:34:08
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
## 02:05:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a remarkable nominee, and the Senate should confirm her without delay.
 
The RNC is investing…
## 02:07:20
RT @GOP: “Judge Barrett is a brilliant legal mind … Most important of all, she will defend your God-given rights and freedoms.”  -@realDona…
## 01:12:59
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA! #MAGA https://t.co/sWHvIjl2gQ
## 20:45:41
https://t.co/4JIZoFZAl4
## 01:56:37
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Congratulations to the Honorable Amy Coney Barrett. Judge Barrett is an outstanding jurist and a committed constitutio…
## 02:07:28
RT @GOP: “Well, we won Pennsylvania last time and we’re going to win it by a lot more this time.” -@realDonaldTrump
## 02:06:37
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump highlights mail-in voter fraud https://t.co/YmtoumEYxk
## 02:09:53
RT @SenToomey: I am pleased that President Trump has nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court.
## 01:59:14
Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett... https://t.co/l2yezt2UOi
## 01:26:24
For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors &amp; co-workers, and GET OUT &amp; VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE! https://t.co/9LtXuWWCRV
## 14:09:16
Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!
## 13:50:22
YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE! https://t.co/Yvtt9FWzZK
## 02:09:42
RT @SenJohnThune: My statement on the president’s nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to serve on the Supreme Court⬇️. While I look forwa…
## 01:56:14
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Judge Barrett is highly qualified in all the areas that matter – character, integrity, intellect, and judicial disposi…
## 13:58:58
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
## 02:10:50
RT @SenToddYoung: I am thrilled with @POTUS’s nomination of fellow Hoosier, Judge Amy Coney Barrett, to serve on the Supreme Court. I've co…
## 14:00:24
WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!
## 01:07:31
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
https://t.co/uQwRIKTPFN
## 02:06:45
RT @GOP: “I’ll keep your jobs in Pennsylvania where they belong!” -@realDonaldTrump
## 01:23:23
Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, &amp; your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, &amp; we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out &amp; VOTE! https://t.co/gsFSgh2KPc https://t.co/oH6yltKd44
## 18:33:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturall…
## 01:57:24
RT @AmericaFirstPol: 🚨 Must-read:

"Judge Barrett’s extensive experience as a professor and litigator, record of academic success, and outs…
## 02:11:35
RT @SenatorLankford: I supported her nomination in 2017 for the Court of Appeals, and I look forward to working through the process of advi…
## 02:10:28
RT @SenatorTimScott: While Senate Democrats have already shown they are more than happy to belittle her faith through baseless partisan att…
## 02:11:55
RT @SteveDaines: Judge Barrett will defend our Montana way of life from those that want to take away our 2nd Amendment rights and destroy o…
## 02:11:31
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: My congratulations to Judge Barrett on her #SCOTUS nomination. I look forward to reviewing her judicial record &amp; other…
## 02:08:31
RT @SenShelby: Judge Barrett is an excellent choice and will make a great Supreme Court Justice. I will enthusiastically support her confir…
## 02:07:02
RT @GOP: I’ve just come from the Rose Garden of the White House where I proudly nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supr…
## 21:32:12
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/cNOWdtlxGC
