## 11:30:44
Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldn’t remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!
## 12:46:31
Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!
## 11:41:40
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 14:36:02
Thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/4hBUMgeAHi
## 13:06:04
https://t.co/gsFSghkmdM https://t.co/CgDeqKDXGH
## 11:41:15
We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!
## 11:46:52
New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!
## 11:39:56
Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!
## 04:39:11
“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices.” @OANN  How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!
## 11:36:35
We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!
## 12:58:11
The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!
