## 00:31:27
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!
## 00:35:05
RT @JennPellegrino: Stepien: "We’ll pass on this sad excuse to bail out Joe Biden and do a rally instead."
## 03:10:51
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
## 00:48:54
Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!! https://t.co/wTFeGHXkn1
## 03:40:12
I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump! https://t.co/UxdGZIQ5QV
## 03:37:10
RT @NickForVA: I'm live online tonight, joined by my daughter Lilly, for our Tuesday Night Town Hall! With four weeks until the election en…
## 01:30:16
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!
## 03:34:19
RT @NickForVA: Now more than ever, we need leadership in Congress that will work to make it easier, not harder, to grow the economy and rec…
## 03:36:53
RT @NickForVA: If @SpanbergerVA07 had her way, she’d make YOU foot the bill for her false attack ads, her staff’s salaries, and her persona…
## 01:08:02
Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
## 03:41:34
Hello! https://t.co/2pfqTF2HkD
## 03:40:51
RT @ABC13News: President @realDonaldTrump said Tuesday that he declassified all documents related to the FBI investigation into Russian ele…
## 03:33:53
Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment! https://t.co/KJnIlmRf1h
