## 16:03:49
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, President @realDonaldTrump is in Florida to talk with seniors about his plan to keep healthcare affordable, protect…
## 22:53:54
Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
## 11:06:27
RT @kevin231: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump He has my vote, Rand, please move to NY and save us!
## 11:11:18
RT @sedawymoha: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Our Beloved President Donald The Man Of Peace And Prosperity To Great America And The Whole Worl…
## 04:22:47
RT @PatriciaAHenso1: @MZHemingway Comment https://t.co/kkNUwylyxF
## 11:03:36
RT @beinlibertarian: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Thank you @RandPaul and @realDonaldTrump for your efforts in ending this decades long mista…
## 10:57:01
The process has long begun. Happening fast! https://t.co/nLLq7x0Bim
## 04:37:02
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 🚨🚨🚨Hunter Biden Offered $10 Million Annually by Chinese Energy Firm for ‘Introductions Alone,’ Email Shows https://t.co…
## 04:03:37
RT @DCfegan: Can someone honestly say they want @JoeBiden to be their president? #JoeBidenUkraineScandal
## 10:07:46
Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News https://t.co/JPmjOrKPcr via @TheBabylonBee Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &amp; Big T
## 10:09:45
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump arrives in Greenville, North Carolina! 

“It’s great to be back in NC with thousands of loyal, h…
## 10:52:11
RT @ootroy: @TexasGOP @AllenWest  Southern Dallas County Minority engagement at the Polls educating voters on realities of Democratic Party…
## 10:53:37
Great! https://t.co/1CoWvrMkN2
## 22:06:04
THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!
https://t.co/w6KmVYR6kA
## 11:20:20
RT @Brexit: BREAKING: Boris Johnson says the U.K. will now get ready to split from the EU’s single market and customs union without a new t…
## 12:22:12
Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!
## 03:58:06
RT @jasoninthehouse: Truly stunning.....
## 18:56:46
RT @GOP: The numbers speak for themselves! Pres. Trump has provided health care SAVINGS to our seniors.

AZ—premiums ⬇️22% after ⬆️64% w/ O…
## 10:16:38
Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason #1- He deserves it!!! https://t.co/QCVYploON2
## 12:15:38
Steve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!
## 11:10:55
RT @Chicago1Ray: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump No more blood for oil as long as @realDonaldTrump is President ✔
## 22:27:43
https://t.co/74sqFSP4o3
## 10:44:59
Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech &amp; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!
## 11:24:43
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
## 11:00:50
Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!! https://t.co/ai2vTb1V3G
## 16:03:42
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Administration stands with Florida small businesses, who have received $32.2 BILLION in @SBAgov loans to keep the…
## 10:51:08
RT @TexasGOP: We will bring forward a number of candidates for you to consider as #EarlyVoting begins: https://t.co/MzHiQdfBAm #VoteEarly #…
## 10:10:02
RT @Jim_Jordan: Twitter censors @JudiciaryGOP. But not the Ayatollah or the Chinese Communist Party?
## 18:48:28
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is working hard every day to give America's 54 million seniors the care, support, and respect th…
## 11:08:43
RT @Dave6971: @LG24321 @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Oh look the warmongers at the NY Times are coming up with a new excuse on why U.S. Troops…
## 18:48:38
RT @WhiteHouse: JUST ANNOUNCED: We have finalized a partnership with @CVSHealth and @Walgreens to deliver the Coronavirus vaccine, when app…
## 11:17:59
RT @RandPaul: Biden/Harris will raise your taxes. Fact Check: True.  

VP Biden said so last week when he said he would repeal the Trump ta…
## 11:14:42
RT @RandPaul: Great meeting young cancer survivor Reed Elliotte yesterday at the #ProAmericaRally in Lexington KY. https://t.co/8PbQihCzP9
## 10:35:40
RT @TGowdySC: Thank you to everyone who gave this book a chance. So grateful. This book can really help you win your next conversation. htt…
## 16:30:01
Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!
## 22:27:54
https://t.co/SpBa6xZorz
## 18:49:04
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump to seniors in #Florida: As long as I am President, NO ONE will lay a hand on your Medicare or Soc…
## 11:01:32
RT @cjtruth: @RandPaul @QarriorP @realDonaldTrump Amen!  Not a lot of people understand what @realDonaldTrump has done!  It is truly amazin…
## 10:08:28
Thank you! https://t.co/XIEd0dSEvA
## 22:27:38
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Early voting in #Florida starts on MONDAY, and we are going to have a Red Wave!

VISIT: https://…
## 11:14:56
RT @RandPaul: Open the schools! I wonder where the “listen to the science” people will go when the science doesn’t support their fearmonger…
## 10:34:31
RT @DarrellIssa: KUSI, thank you for having the journalistic integrity to meet me at my office so I could dispel the outrageous conspiracy…
## 11:04:34
RT @village_jordan: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump 272 Generals sign in supprt of DJT, MSM focus on 4 or 5 who do not support Peace thru Strean…
## 04:23:33
RT @TheCreation: @MZHemingway @davereaboi Biden is like China stealing intellectual property. He steals every one of Trump's strong talking…
## 03:59:15
RT @hughhewitt: This is a blockbuster story from @nypost.  Watch and see if any cable news channels carry it: https://t.co/gd2baCW51h There…
## 18:48:44
RT @WhiteHouse: American seniors will be first in line when a safe and effective Coronavirus vaccine is approved! https://t.co/TN5jehx8Ay
## 11:08:46
RT @GrammaYayam164: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Wonderful. Thank you, Senator Paul.
## 12:36:29
There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!
## 11:05:01
RT @ibezzant: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump If he's reelected I expect the party and his base to hold him to that promise because that would b…
## 11:10:07
RT @kealoha20: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump True Goodness,Righteousness,Selflessness,Love of Country n her People SHINES Forth from Our Presi…
## 18:56:17
RT @GOP: “We love our senior citizens…You devoted your life to this country and I am devoting my life to you.”—@realDonaldTrump https://t.c…
## 03:59:30
RT @tedcruz: This is insane. 

#BigTechCensorship
## 11:17:47
Biden lied Pennsylvania! https://t.co/zmD8Ew0bmS
## 11:01:46
RT @AmericanEsther: @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Thank the Lord most High!🙏🏻
God bless the peacemakers @realDonaldTrump🙏🏻
God bless our brave…
## 10:21:13
Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!! https://t.co/FB0KIHKssM
## 03:47:21
RT @jasoninthehouse: Sickening
## 11:29:10
Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
## 03:59:43
RT @jasoninthehouse: Agreed
## 03:58:52
RT @DrewHolden360: 🧵Thread🧵

The bombshell @nypost story about Joe &amp; Hunter Biden has caused some bluechecks to suddenly worry about pushin…
## 11:15:55
RT @RandPaul: Somebody is mad that @realDonaldTrump didn’t start any wars and wants to leave the ones we are in. Vote Biden/Harris if you w…
## 18:48:33
RT @WhiteHouse: "My heart breaks for every grieving family that has lost a precious loved one," President @realDonaldTrump said.

"Together…
## 18:48:23
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is in Fort Myers, Florida, with American seniors! 

"I will protect you, I will defend you, and…
## 11:10:41
Thank you! https://t.co/ceq1n14MYa
## 20:23:50
Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!
## 03:47:09
RT @jasoninthehouse: Obama conference call leaked to Burisma: Biden emails https://t.co/ckNMurwMq0
## 11:04:15
RT @romans_8_1: @RandPaul @miamijj48 @realDonaldTrump In general, the press never brings this up. This is something both sides should be ha…
## 16:13:57
https://t.co/10v8v4mVgO
## 11:01:28
RT @RandPaul: In his term, @realDonaldTrump has already brought home thousands of our brave soldiers. He wants the rest home by Christmas a…
## 10:57:47
RT @RandPaul: Democrats seem to think all justices are politicians, and so they want a politician that’ll vote for their cases instead of a…
## 10:09:26
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/AKAn3jXs9R
## 04:36:04
RT @MariannaNBCNews: Dozens of Trump supporters were loudly chanting a mix of “Four more years,” “Trump” and “USA” throughout the event, gr…
## 04:22:45
RT @Oxfordsonly: @MZHemingway Did you see him at this thing? He looked like a corpse. https://t.co/rq913PolKA
## 10:57:56
RT @RandPaul: #AmyConeyBarrett will make an excellent justice that will serve our country and Constitution well, and I look forward to seei…
## 04:00:34
RT @jasoninthehouse: Totally agree
## 10:27:56
Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa! https://t.co/0nwCTVWPh3
## 04:02:51
RT @AmericaFirstPAC: 🚨Hunter Biden demanded Chinese billionaire pay $10 million for ‘introductions alone’

#JoeBidenUkraineScandal 

https:…
## 04:03:16
RT @RealJamesWoods: Number one!!!!! I can’t call you my “followers,” because you are so much more than that. You are truly my heroes. #Croo…
## 10:51:19
RT @TexasGOP: Report any irregularities to the Republican Party of Texas Voter Helpline: 855-433-1663 #EarlyVoting #VOTE #Election2020 http…
