## 14:22:56
Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress”. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!! https://t.co/NeJvqV8JXE
## 14:32:42
RT @ErrolWebber: If you're a Republican in California and you think your vote doesn't count, you are just listening to the propaganda they…
## 14:53:55
Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!
## 15:48:57
We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!
## 13:07:35
RT @KatiePavlich: American Bar Association Awards Judge Barrett a 'Well-Qualified' Rating https://t.co/IfumBcUNMv
## 12:09:21
Leading by a lot! https://t.co/U2Lz09W4Lr
## 00:49:25
“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE
## 13:07:43
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Democrats are trying to fundamentally, structurally change the court so they can add liberal justices and use the judi…
## 17:30:38
HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!
## 14:49:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump!
## 16:47:04
The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA
## 12:38:44
California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
## 14:25:23
RT @Joy_Villa: EPIC! @EricEarly_CA for CONGRESS! https://t.co/BDC8BbM5lY
## 12:39:41
New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
## 14:26:38
RT @EricEarly_CA: Californians deserve better than Adam Schiff as their Congressman.

The American people deserve better than Adam Schiff a…
## 13:06:38
RT @KatiePavlich: Love seeing Judge Barrett's kids in the front row. A big and diverse family!
## 20:33:06
He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!! https://t.co/ocdEeIFxeF
## 21:11:04
What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!
## 19:51:55
Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE
## 12:13:57
RT @glennbeck: .@GadSaad explains one major difference between President Trump and Joe Biden: Unlike Biden the "political parasite", Trump…
## 14:35:44
RT @TheLeoTerrell: This is why you should listen to my new Podcast "Your Vote is at Risk" @ApplePodcasts @iTunes or click https://t.co/ZfVv…
## 14:24:44
RT @EricEarly_CA: My name is Eric Early. 

I’m running against Adam Schiff. 

He doesn’t care about improving our 28th District or America.…
## 20:08:28
Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has, always will! https://t.co/XIEd0dSEvA
## 19:15:43
RT @IvankaTrump: Under President Trump’s leadership, Arizona is leading the Great American Comeback for the country. 🇺🇸

Great being back i…
## 11:52:53
Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!
## 14:50:18
RT @realDonaldTrump: California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
## 22:30:10
.@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!
## 11:37:07
Taking advantage of fools. Law &amp; Order! Portland, call in the Feds! https://t.co/rJl9IVxdMM
## 12:45:28
Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump! https://t.co/3MU5xihohD
## 20:14:19
Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70%, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game https://t.co/RaDVRSE4ww via @BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!
## 14:39:51
RT @1776Stonewall: Kristen Welker, the moderator for the "3rd" debate, mysteriously deletes her entire twitter account. This after Steve Sc…
## 19:21:19
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's action on critical minerals builds on his commitment to reduce our reliance on foreign imports…
## 02:31:33
Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!
## 14:25:42
RT @OANN: Political outsider Eric Early is set to take the stage to debate lying, leaking Adam Schiff. Find out who has the best plan to cl…
## 11:59:44
The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!
## 13:05:46
Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!
## 00:30:38
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Honored to have the great @HerschelWalker join #TeamGraham! Herschel is a college and NFL great, an entrepreneur, and…
## 14:02:41
Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!
## 14:26:19
RT @EricEarly_CA: @65su @AdamSchiff Yep. Chip in to my campaign at this link if you want him out of office. https://t.co/U5TbA1jA1K
## 22:22:39
“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
## 01:49:00
The Democrats are very proud! https://t.co/f3mzdYO4fF
## 16:54:15
STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!
## 22:18:01
Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!
## 13:08:45
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a woman of character, a person of faith, and an exceptional mother of 7 children. https://t…
## 14:34:17
RT @TheLeoTerrell: Michele Obama and @SenKamalaHarris : You called this peaceful protesting?  I do not think so. #VoteTrump2020
## 20:16:37
Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!
## 19:50:46
So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!
## 13:08:04
RT @ChuckGrassley: 2day the SCOTUS hearing for Judge Amy Coney Barrett begins at 8AM Iowa time/1st day of 4 days of hearing 2day judiciary…
## 15:55:49
Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!
## 20:24:48
Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake https://t.co/okkpcFyO3n via @BreitbartNews. He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didn’t have a clue!!!
## 12:03:53
No. A Rigged Election! https://t.co/2Bizcisgco
## 14:49:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs…
## 14:47:52
November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.
## 14:25:10
RT @EricEarly_CA: I run to:

• Remove national disgrace Adam Schiff from Congress; 

• Deal with the problems facing California’s 28th Dist…
## 15:39:18
So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!
## 14:35:10
RT @TheLeoTerrell: California is Trump Country.  @realDonaldTrump
## 14:16:29
Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!
## 21:10:29
Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, he’s just Sleepy Joe!
## 14:36:40
RT @CorrinRankin: Black voters speak out in Delaware. #blackvoicesfortrump 👀 https://t.co/CkJ2skVn1z
## 13:56:42
The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!
## 12:04:13
Rigged! https://t.co/nvUhewgT7q
## 21:14:46
Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!
## 01:48:59
It’s the only way they know! https://t.co/zVBuie6FTk
## 14:33:41
RT @kimKBaltimore: Thank you, WBFF FOX 45 for having me. I wish we had more time. The crime &amp; violence in Baltimore City is the direct resu…
## 14:32:57
RT @ErrolWebber: Today is October 12, 2020. 

There are 22 days until President Trump is re-elected.

Liberals, what are you offended by to…
## 12:32:23
See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!
## 13:06:26
RT @ShannonBream: Judge Barrett has just arrived in the hearing room.  #SCOTUS https://t.co/W5Ji1Bg0w1
## 19:16:52
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump delivers for all Americans! https://t.co/AwUaHDyDYS
## 13:09:09
RT @realDonaldTrump: It’s the only way they know!
## 19:12:12
RT @DiamondandSilk: Hey Georgia:
Early Voting begins TODAY! Jim Crow Joe has had 47 years to provide solutions for our Country and has prov…
## 14:58:04
STOCK MARKET UP BIG!
## 00:49:19
Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires (management), or water rationing (because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean). VOTE TRUMP! https://t.co/KSAgyPPmGc
## 14:26:23
RT @EricEarly_CA: Are you nervous @AdamSchiff? 

He hasn’t run tv ads against a Republican opponent in 20 years.

He’s now running them aga…
## 15:50:07
https://t.co/599e8A6ogf
## 21:42:40
The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!
## 13:07:06
RT @HawleyMO: Judiciary Committee about to gavel in to begin hearings for #AmyConeyBarrett - I hope Democrats today will clearly renounce t…
## 14:50:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!
## 12:42:24
RT @ABC13News: President @realDonaldTrump claimed “A Rigged Election” on Twitter after learning about the mistake in Ohio's Franklin County…
## 14:34:47
RT @TheLeoTerrell: I suggest you restore funding for #LAPD and solve the homeless problem. Your tenure in office is almost over. Never agai…
## 22:32:41
Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!
## 14:50:20
RT @realDonaldTrump: New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
## 14:51:09
RT @realDonaldTrump: Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Ye…
## 19:26:13
Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGA
## 00:09:48
RT @AsteadWesley: ppl may have other answers but they're wrong. this was firmly Trump’s best tweet
## 14:24:54
RT @EricEarly_CA: I helped organize a prayer group for the Los Angeles County deputies injured in an ambush shooting. 

What did Adam Schif…
## 14:50:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!
## 13:02:10
SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!
## 20:22:26
https://t.co/ZHDJevNtrd https://t.co/Elask8e0XS
## 14:24:09
RT @EricEarly_CA: Eric Early’s New Commercial Shreds His Opponent Adam Schiff https://t.co/SHjoVGWfjT
## 14:49:34
RT @realDonaldTrump: SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of t…
## 11:34:20
Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools. This is Biden! Law &amp; Order! https://t.co/w0yH3SqnrB
## 11:41:53
These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now! https://t.co/RI9fH6sC1g
## 19:12:55
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence: Joe Biden has been a cheerleader for China, President @realDonaldTrump put China on notice on da…
## 20:01:32
307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.
## 14:38:10
RT @newtgingrich: President Trump should replace the commissions cancelled second debate by accepting joe rogan’s offer and inviting Biden…
## 14:38:17
RT @Project_Veritas: We are 7-0 in lawsuits! @joerogan https://t.co/k7aiiQTYTd
## 14:37:10
RT @BlackVoices4DJT: We’re meeting voters exactly where they are! Today we’re in North Philly and we’re coming back tomorrow!

No Days Off!…
## 00:35:44
See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!
## 19:12:28
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump promised the American people he would nominate judges who will interpret the Constitution faithf…
## 19:12:57
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence: Where Joe Biden is talking about shutting down the economy, President @realDonaldTrump is openin…
## 22:04:48
Happy National Farmers Day! https://t.co/2Q8dbu5UyO
## 14:33:21
RT @kimKBaltimore: Tens of millions of you have shared the struggle of black people in Baltimore. You cared about our black lives more than…
## 14:28:06
RT @EricEarly_CA: @RealJamesWoods Thank you @RealJamesWoods 

Schiff has been in Congress since 2001 and has accomplished nothing. 

https:…
## 12:41:09
Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!
## 11:30:08
The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote! https://t.co/WHvhZpyqAG
## 12:34:43
He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic! https://t.co/6eZbNboPTl
## 14:17:30
RT @joecollins43rd: Do you know where I am?
Maxine Waters’ $6 Million Mansion.

Do you know where I’m NOT?
Her District.

Mansion Maxine Wa…
## 13:07:17
RT @SenTedCruz: Today is the 1st day of the confirmation hearing for Amy Coney Barrett, a respected judge who is supremely qualified to ser…
## 14:17:52
RT @joecollins43rd: Incredibly grateful that Fox showed my ad calling out Mansion Maxine Waters today.

Very cool! https://t.co/OkAJftqRwZ
