## 11:02:03
SPACE FORCE. VOTE!
## 11:07:04
BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
## 10:30:25
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
## 10:19:05
“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!
## 10:54:07
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
## 10:50:40
LAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!
## 10:45:34
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
## 11:14:48
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!
## 10:47:44
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
## 10:57:40
401(K). VOTE!
## 11:04:00
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
## 11:00:58
BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
## 11:10:26
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
## 10:51:46
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!
## 12:08:17
TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and let’s #MAGA! https://t.co/gsFSghkmdM
## 11:05:18
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
## 11:12:53
SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!
## 10:49:08
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
## 11:08:34
PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!
