## 13:56:55
RT @realDonaldTrump: Very sadly for our Nation, it looks like Senator @JimInhofe will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause int…
## 23:23:53
See you tomorrow night at 7PM, Valdosta, Georgia! https://t.co/Or9WioLiVk
## 20:00:04
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump We have a Defense Department to protect our liberty, but our liberty is at risk if we don’t change Se…
## 13:58:16
RT @realDonaldTrump: The best way to insure a @KLoeffler and @sendavidperdue VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race,…
## 04:37:16
Very sadly for our Nation, it looks like Senator @JimInhofe will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause into the Defense Bill. So bad for our National Security and Election Integrity. Last chance to ever get it done. I will VETO!
## 13:56:00
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 13:14:30
Whistleblowers reveal that the USPS is responsible for tampering with hundreds of thousands of ballots. @OANN  This long time Democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers, especially in swing states, during and before delivery of the ballots. Well documented evidence!
## 01:15:47
Governor @dougducey of Arizona hired a lawyer today. Wouldn’t allowing a strong check of ballots, which would be easier and so much better for our Country, be easier on him and the great State of Arizona?
## 04:09:56
The best way to insure a @KLoeffler and @sendavidperdue VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race, which will insure a Georgia Presidential win (very few votes are needed, many will be found). Spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and VOTE! @BrianKempGA
## 22:55:52
https://t.co/vdaaFDn2Xi
## 20:07:03
RT @HawleyMO: This case raises major questions about the legality of Pennsylvania’s mail-in balloting changes. The Supreme Court should hea…
## 22:49:28
Thank you to Senate President Karen Fann and House Speaker Russell Bowers – and all, for what you are doing in Arizona. A fast check of signatures will easily give us the state. Votes against have been reduced to a very small number! https://t.co/NIGpkJHyoY https://t.co/gJIozjtyES
## 19:54:47
The only thing more RIGGED than the 2020 Presidential Election is the FAKE NEWS SUPPRESSED MEDIA. No matter how big or important the story, if it is even slightly positive for “us”, or negative for “them”, it will not be reported!
## 13:53:41
A provision is in the NDAA for the renaming, or even desecration, of National Monuments in National Parks. This is not what our Country wants!
## 22:42:57
Watch @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern — story on Voter Fraud!
## 20:05:41
RT @HawleyMO: The NDAA does NOT contain any reform to Section 230 but DOES contain Elizabeth Warren’s social engineering amendment to unila…
## 13:17:22
RT @julie_kelly2: LOL keep the Senate red! “The bipartisan legislation not only omits language about Section 230, but also includes a provi…
## 20:05:37
RT @HawleyMO: The NDAA should not be hijacked for the Democrats’ woke leftist agenda
## 06:04:27
@JimInhofe What good is having a very expensive National Defense Authorization Act if Big Tech can run circles around you and the security of our Country? End Section 230 now! #NDAA
## 20:00:08
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump It is our best chance to change course while we still can.  

I take a back seat to no one when it co…
## 13:05:26
Big Rally Saturday Night in Georgia!!!
## 20:00:13
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President @realDonaldTrump's insistence Section 230 repeal be part of the defense authorization bill.  
 
Bi…
## 22:41:57
STOCK MARKET REACHES NEW ALL-TIME HIGH!
## 05:57:19
But doesn’t get rid of Big Tech’s windfall, Section 230, a grave threat to National Security. I will VETO! https://t.co/QI7BfNc7hb
## 20:06:29
RT @HawleyMO: The President is right
## 13:54:38
GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!
## 01:28:26
People in Georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in “voting” machines. Great job @BrianKempGA!
## 13:55:25
RIGGED ELECTION!
## 13:04:32
A great person who did a fantastic job. Thank you Alyssa! https://t.co/TEWiYEGnJO
