## 14:21:48
Tremendous problems being found with voting machines. They are so far off it is ridiculous. Able to take a landslide victory and reduce it to a tight loss. This is not what the USA is all about. Law enforcement shielding machines. DO NOT TAMPER, a crime. Much more to come!
## 05:56:11
RT @wesrap: TX's presidential electors voted 34-4 to "condemn" the Supreme Court rejecting TX's election lawsuit against PA, WI, GA &amp; MI &amp;…
## 05:32:02
RT @KanekoaTheGreat: DOMINION - NEVADA🚨

The error rate scanning ballots in Antrim County, Michigan was 68.05%.

Dominion Voting Systems ar…
## 05:55:55
RT @wesrap: TX presidential electors cast all 38 votes for Trump &amp; Pence... they also voted to "condemn" SCOTUS tossing out TX election law…
## 15:41:41
Tremendous evidence pouring in on voter fraud. There has never been anything like this in our Country!
## 14:28:18
RT @RealMattCouch: REPORT: Dominion Server Crash Delays Recount in Georgia’s Fulton County for THIRD TIME! https://t.co/9BSWnJP7cT via @rea…
## 14:25:27
68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent. Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law? Stay tuned!
## 14:29:34
RT @LLinWood: President Trump @realDonaldTrump is a genuinely good man. He does not really like to fire people. I bet he dislikes putting p…
## 16:00:53
Mo Brooks: ‘Trump Won the Electoral College‘ --- I Can Be a Part of the ‘Surrender Caucus‘ or I Can Fight for Our Country https://t.co/8BcvdpY3Qf via @BreitbartNews
## 14:28:24
RT @RealMattCouch: The President needs to hold a press conference right after Biden speaks every single time and remind them he’s the right…
## 14:27:27
RT @RealMattCouch: EXCLUSIVE: Whistleblower Reveals FRAUD in Detroit, Affidavit &amp; Interview INSIDE https://t.co/0nYuBk0pig
## 05:32:33
RT @CodeMonkeyZ: Soon-to-be AG Rosen recently wrote an essay on foreign influence in US elections.

“foreign actors are covertly trying to…
## 05:32:51
RT @KelemenCari: Election Status: Trump is in the process of proving he won, and Biden is pretending he did.
## 05:30:37
Thank you Kevin. Many Trump votes were routed to Biden. The highly respected Michigan Judge released this epic report. True all over the Country. This Fake Election can no longer stand. Get moving Republicans. Big Swing State Win!  75,000,000 VOTES. https://t.co/0sodJFr80k
## 05:21:43
This is BIG NEWS. Dominion Voting Machines are a disaster all over the Country. Changed the results of a landslide election. Can’t let this happen. Thank you for the genius, bravery, and patriotism of the Judge. Should get a medal! https://t.co/4WwiA83Prg
