## 05:11:43
RT @MZHemingway: Far better
## 05:03:33
What a fool Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia is. Could have been so easy, but now we have to do it the hard way. Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification, NOW. Otherwise, could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th.
## 04:56:53
Democrats weakened the Signature Verification (and other) safeguards in Georgia. @staceyabrams played @BrianKempGA &amp; Secretary of State, for fools. Consent Decree, which is terrible for Republicans (and honest people!), must be opened up NOW - David, Kelly, and I will then win!
## 14:38:46
RT @realDonaldTrump: Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete…
## 05:16:49
A great honor! https://t.co/n6IyFtcXIQ
## 05:12:08
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Weird that the WH press pool never followed up on this.
## 03:25:05
https://t.co/dZ56TExPWf
## 14:38:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: .....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine “glitches” (another word for FRAUD), ballot harvesting, non-reside…
## 03:31:34
People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program, unless specifically necessary. I have asked that this adjustment be made. I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time. Thank you!
## 13:57:17
“Why did the Swing States stop counting in the middle of the night?” @MariaBartiromo Because they waited to find out how many ballots they had to produce in order to steal the Rigged Election. They were so far behind that they needed time, &amp; a fake “water main break”, to recover!
## 03:39:42
Oh no! What is going on? This is not good news, even for “Indians”. Cancel culture at work! https://t.co/d1l0C9g6Pd
## 14:24:59
First Vaccine Administered. Congratulations USA! Congratulations WORLD!
