## 12:24:59
Big news coming out of Pennsylvania. Very big illegal ballot drop that cannot be accounted for. Rigged Election!
## 18:10:11
RT @SenRonJohnson: As @SenatorLankford pointed out, in 2016 Democrats were interested in fixing problems to prevent election interference.…
## 18:10:18
RT @SenRonJohnson: .@HawleyMO: "After 4 years of being told the last election was fake, the same people are telling us if you have any conc…
## 12:22:36
RT @KMCRadio: Biden supporters seem to be really losing their minds at how angry they get when you tell them that Biden “won” only 16% of t…
## 12:22:00
RT @KMCRadio: DIIVIDED NATION: 🚨🚨

America is 50 states.
Minus the states in question Trump won 25, Biden won 16.

Those states house 2974…
## 18:09:10
RT @SenRonJohnson: My hearing examining irregularities in the 2020 election was important. 

Many issues and questions were raised that des…
## 23:51:21
“Conservatives Call on State Legislators to Appoint New Electors, in Accordance with the Constitution”
https://t.co/V2akcgvlHD
## 11:51:32
“The President was responsible for those direct payments to Americans in the Covid-19 Relief Bill.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends And the Moderna vaccine has already started rolling out. Very smooth distribution!
## 15:30:09
....@sendavidperdue will not be able to win on January 5th. unless these people allow Signature Verification in presidential race. K &amp; D need it for their race also, &amp; Georgia spirit will rise to such a high that they will easily bring home a great victory. Move fast @BrianKempGA
## 18:09:20
RT @SenRonJohnson: 2) And @senrobportman got Chris Krebs to acknowledge his claims about election security were about CYBER security, not f…
## 18:10:03
RT @SenRonJohnson: Democrats and the mainstream media didn’t complain when @senschumer contested @senrickscott’s election through the court…
## 21:48:08
...Republicans in Wisconsin should take these 3 strong decisions to their State Legislators and overturn this ridiculous State Election. We won in a LANDSLIDE!
