## 06:33:07
RT @Lancegooden: Today I will be voting NO on the override of @realDonaldTrump's veto of the NDAA.

Here's why:

The act fails to terminate…
## 06:47:49
RT @SenatorBraun: I want to thank Pres. Trump for signing the COVID relief bill much needed by Main St. small businesses &amp; their employees…
## 21:17:52
RT @washingtonpost: The House votes at Trump’s request to boost stimulus checks to $2,000 per person. The bill’s fate in the Senate is unce…
## 22:55:05
When are we going to be allowed to do signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia? The process is going VERY slowly. @BrianKempGA Pennsylvania just found 205,000 votes more than they had voters. Therefore, we WIN Pennsylvania!!!
## 06:53:15
Give the people $2000, not $600. They have suffered enough! https://t.co/2jOVCnGtXS
## 13:59:48
....and Congressmen/Congresswomen Elected. I do believe they forgot!
## 06:32:17
RT @RepMattGaetz: The NDAA was hijacked by the forever war lobby and their bought and paid for allies in the United States Congress.

Presi…
## 19:11:26
Unless Republicans have a death wish, and it is also the right thing to do, they must approve the $2000 payments ASAP. $600 IS NOT ENOUGH! Also, get rid of Section 230 - Don’t let Big Tech steal our Country, and don’t let the Democrats steal the Presidential Election. Get tough! https://t.co/GMotstu7OI
## 06:31:58
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Today, I voted to defend President @realDonaldTrump's veto of the NDAA because it serves foreign interests, not America…
## 22:44:10
It is up to the States to distribute the vaccines once brought to the designated areas by the Federal Government. We have not only developed the vaccines, including putting up money to move the process along quickly, but gotten them to the states. Biden failed with Swine Flu!
## 13:45:11
....being removed and brought home from foreign lands who do NOTHING for us. A disgraceful act of cowardice and total submission by weak people to Big Tech. Negotiate a better Bill, or get better leaders, NOW! Senate should not approve NDAA until fixed!!!
## 13:46:57
$2000 for our great people, not $600! They have suffered enough from the China Virus!!!
## 21:42:12
Loeffler, Perdue Support Increasing Relief Payments to $2K https://t.co/xLFHNDOBIR via @BreitbartNews. Republicans must support the $2000 payments and must FIGHT the crooked presidential election. We won big!
## 06:48:45
RT @RepJohnJoyce: While I support many provisions of the NDAA, I respect our Commander-in-Chief’s calls to make it even stronger for our me…
