## 05:57:59
....other acts of fraud and irregularities as well. STAY TUNED!
## 13:20:11
$2000 ASAP!
## 19:38:44
The United States had more votes than it had people voting, by a lot. This travesty cannot be allowed to stand. It was a Rigged Election, one not even fit for third world countries!
## 12:29:52
...millions more votes than Trump, but can’t get anywhere close to him in this poll. No incoming president has ever done as badly in this annual survey.” @MarkSteynOnline @TuckerCarlson That’s because he got millions of Fake Votes in the 2020 Election, which was RIGGED!
## 01:40:23
RT @SenMastriano: Read my opinion on this year’s election process in PA here: 

https://t.co/3FiNcd5OFc
## 21:51:06
We now have far more votes than needed to flip Georgia in the Presidential race. Massive VOTER FRAUD took place. Thank you to the Georgia Legislature for today’s revealing meeting!
## 01:24:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/g4NoRxSnQ5
## 06:49:14
New Lott study estimates 11,350 absentee votes lost to Trump in Georgia. Another 289,000 "excess (fraudulent) votes" across GA, AZ, MI, NV, PA, and WI. Check it out! ➡️https://t.co/eIBjdmox5R https://t.co/2MlKVbBoLO
## 19:02:43
Thank you, a great honor! https://t.co/9GfT5c8hY0
## 15:37:57
RT @TeamTrump: Time for state legislators to take the Election seriously. 

President @realDonaldTrump needs you to DEMAND they call a SPEC…
## 21:27:38
Watching @FoxNews is almost as bad as watching Fake News @CNN. New alternatives are developing!
## 19:05:45
Twitter is shadow banning like never before. A disgrace that our weak and ineffective political leadership refuses to do anything about Big Tech. They’re either afraid or stupid, nobody really knows!
## 21:38:11
.@BrianKempGA, his puppet Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA, and Secretary of State, are disasters for Georgia. Won’t let professionals get anywhere near Fulton County for signature verifications, or anything else. They are virtually controlled by @staceyabrams &amp; the Democrats. Fools!
## 01:40:32
RT @SenMastriano: Electoral irregularities are real and prevalent in Pennsylvania. Sadly, despite evidence, our Governor and State Departme…
## 15:45:30
Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast LIVE via @RSBNetwork! 
https://t.co/ogBvLbKfqG
## 19:06:51
JANUARY SIXTH, SEE YOU IN DC!
## 04:44:52
...The consent decree signed by the “Secretary”, with the consent of Kemp, is perhaps even more poorly negotiated than the deal that John Kerry made with Iran. Now it turns out that Brad R’s brother works for China, and they definitely don’t want “Trump”. So disgusting! #MAGA
## 12:43:27
The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states. Now it is up to the states to administer. Get moving!
## 14:26:16
Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast. Check it out. @OANN @newsmax and many more. @BrianKempGA should resign from office. He is an obstructionist who refuses to admit that we won Georgia, BIG! Also won the other Swing States.
## 01:40:52
https://t.co/Dcm41ThF5k
