## 01:06:50
RT @GOPChairwoman: Once again, Nancy Pelosi is lying about her needless delay.

She stood in front of her fancy refrigerator and congratula…
## 01:18:12
RT @EricTrump: Article should have read: Trump as businessman had a passive, non-controlling/managing interest in an office building which…
## 00:15:27
RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re seeing enthusiasm like this all across the country. Thank you to all the @realDonaldTrump supporters who pitched i…
## 01:12:00
RT @InsurancePlanX: Democrats are not sending us their best

or are they😜
## 00:15:47
RT @WhiteHouse: "All of American society is engaged and mobilized in the war against the invisible enemy. While we must remain vigilant, it…
## 01:06:17
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN. https://t.co/SQOLi46tEf
## 01:11:14
RT @dbongino: Here’s what serial fraudster, &amp; generational corruptocrat, Nancy Pelosi was REALLY up to when the Wuhan Virus was raging &amp; th…
## 12:20:41
Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
## 00:19:55
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., &amp; I will be there! https://t.co/NFHItMBbKy
## 01:25:50
RT @SilERabbit: Sloppy Joe is trending. I wonder if it's because of this. You can tell it's a deep fake because Jill Biden isn't covering f…
## 01:09:49
RT @dbongino: Former NSC Chief of Staff Says John Brennan Hid Evidence Putin Favored Hillary in 2016 🔥🔥🔥
https://t.co/2Ffod309BZ
## 00:37:51
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear God,
Thank you for answering our prayers.
A grateful Nation

#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://…
## 01:14:51
RT @BarbaraRedgate: Devin Nunes-“Why is General Flynn Important? Because He Was Framed By His Own Government!!” #HumanScum @DevinNunes @Gen…
## 01:02:13
RT @MariaBartiromo: Breaking News: sources tell me @GenFlynn will be completely exonerated this week.  It was a total fraud.  A Set up.  Mo…
## 00:32:28
RT @GOPChairwoman: From Day 1, Gretchen Whitmer has been too focused on politics.

Case in point: She just claimed she is “not getting invo…
## 01:10:44
RT @seanhannity: Report: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents https://t.co/wtFdcyO8UY
## 00:59:33
Great! https://t.co/YxWd5QJpga
## 01:13:07
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Lefty holier than thou Media Matters founder David Brock, who spends millions targeting President Trump, is accused of…
## 01:13:48
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Despite Democrats resistance to help small businesses, President @realDonaldTrump will get the economy going and Americ…
## 01:41:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with…
## 01:08:34
RT @RealCandaceO: You’re a racist, radical communist that wants to expand government control and dependency— and you are using the plight o…
## 01:42:10
So true! https://t.co/fyJgDBuKzM
## 00:33:41
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Team Trump Online with @CLewandowski_, Rep. @MattGaetz, and Rep. @EliseStefanik! #TeamTrump

Text TRUMP to 88022 http…
## 00:22:26
They are one of the worst in the “news” business. Total slime balls! https://t.co/puXf1ldMTS
## 01:03:26
RT @johncardillo: Three failed coup attempts:

1 - Russia Collusion hoax during campaign
2 - Mueller's sham 
3 - Illegitimate impeachment…
## 01:41:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I…
## 01:06:38
RT @SecondLady: Wishing you a very special birthday, @FLOTUS. Happy Birthday! 🥳🎂
## 00:33:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
## 00:14:39
Laura, just another Fake News Report! https://t.co/Kya7NViNRB
