## 21:42:02
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/Noma8NXmag
## 21:25:42
White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
## 15:34:27
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention, one where he doesn’t have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
## 14:02:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is…
## 00:51:50
https://t.co/hUVUJb9zSA
## 00:51:56
https://t.co/j8fKN49P1o
## 13:08:58
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!
## 13:18:34
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump expressed America's well wishes to Prime Minister Boris Johnson for a speedy recovery. https://t…
## 13:17:46
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Take a look back and RT what the liberal media and Joe Biden said about President Trump's aggressive, early response to…
## 18:32:32
https://t.co/GIzwKSbuuS
## 11:49:57
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying &amp; no other countries would allow them to dock!
## 21:03:59
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better! https://t.co/v6z46rUDtg
## 13:18:01
RT @KatrinaPierson: Starting TONIGHT! 

@TeamTrump #WarRoomWeekly

Following the @realDonaldTrump Covid-19 update!! 

#KAG2020 🇺🇸
## 11:55:14
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
## 11:54:33
USA STRONG!
## 12:32:45
RT @mattgaetz: So dumbfounded that the Democrats would rather revert to subpoenas than find solutions to the unprecedented crisis we are wo…
## 12:45:16
RT @yaneerbaryam: BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Good news on multiple fronts

US today now at 23,373, yesterday at this time was 30,571.…
## 11:40:45
.@gayletrotter  “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.” @FoxNews
## 11:53:00
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt &amp; dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, &amp; haven’t been for years (Witch-Hunts, Fake News)! https://t.co/DN4DDoHPtu
## 12:31:29
RT @RepRatcliffe: I don't know anyone in the last three years who has done more to help Vladimir Putin and Russia with their efforts to sow…
