## 01:06:20
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by @CardinalDolan at St. Patrick’s Cathedral (@StPatsNYC) in New York City. Join me: https://t.co/pTZMmBF9hb https://t.co/iQy5iH5Lk6
## 17:42:04
.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!
## 16:06:42
Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!
## 18:21:24
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
## 22:54:17
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?
## 21:21:02
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....
## 21:53:32
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary @AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos &amp; havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
## 21:21:03
....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews, in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
## 18:28:35
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &amp; read &amp; see that I am angrily eating a hamburger &amp; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
