## 16:37:54
Really nice to see this and, what a great pick! https://t.co/91104h0sd1
## 21:09:33
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/nurNOvlZjJ
## 17:01:32
Thank you @Honeywell, great job! https://t.co/8MfzxtvDPK
## 01:01:34
RT @SecretarySonny: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all you do for America's farmers and ranchers.
## 16:21:35
RT @SenatorLankford: Small businesses in Oklahoma received more than $4 billion dollars from the #PaycheckProtectionProgram to help them &amp;…
## 16:23:02
RT @JimInhofe: BREAKING – Funds have officially run out for the #PaycheckProtectionProgram. This program has helped so many in Oklahoma and…
## 03:44:07
RT @charliekirk11: Democrats care more about appeasing China than the American people.
## 03:38:24
RT @charliekirk11: Facts:

California’s Motor Voter law resulted in AT LEAST 1,500 people, including non-citizens, being registered to vote…
## 16:03:29
RT @SenatorTimScott: Through yesterday, the PPP approved 22,933 loans for more than $3.8b in South Carolina. $3.8b to ensure workers get th…
## 16:21:25
RT @SenHydeSmith: Today @SBAgov announced officially that #PaycheckProtectionProgram is out of funds. Every Senate Republican was ready to…
## 16:23:52
RT @marcorubio: Contrary to the air cover being provided to Democratic congressional leaders by many in the media #PPP is NOT tied up becau…
## 16:07:41
RT @SenateGOP: ⚙️⛰️🇺🇸

The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is WORKING in Colorado!

↓↓↓↓ https://t.co/pbqD0BSXqe
## 03:43:53
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Ilhan Omar's campaign is on track to pay her husband's consulting firm $1.16 MILLION in 2020

Last year,…
## 03:42:23
Lamestream Media is only getting worse! https://t.co/cuTRo87tz3
## 16:23:13
RT @senatemajldr: Republicans tried to pass more money for Americans’ paychecks last week. Democrats blocked it. Speaker Pelosi said she sa…
## 16:22:12
RT @SenatorBraun: I spent 40 years building a small business on Main Street, and it's sad that Senate Democrats blocked additional aid for…
## 03:45:29
RT @charliekirk11: This is your daily reminder that Joe Biden flew his son to China on Air Force 2 to help him secure a $1.5 BILLION deal w…
## 03:42:51
RT @charliekirk11: In January, The WHO tweeted that China found no evidence of human-to-human transmission of COVID-19

This was a Chinese…
## 16:25:00
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: The @SenSchumer &amp; @SpeakerPelosi paycheck blockade must end now. The #PaycheckProtectionProgram has ensured millions o…
## 18:54:22
RT @paulsperry_: ---&gt;
## 17:20:49
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
## 16:32:07
John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan! https://t.co/yGiWzZ9nR0
## 03:44:26
RT @charliekirk11: One week ago today, Democrats blocked a GOP-led increase in funding for small businesses

Today, that funding ran out.…
## 19:04:22
RT @paulsperry_: Trump’s bold gamble on hydroxychloroquine (HC) appears to be paying off. Medical professionals in NY tell Judicial Watch t…
## 03:47:48
This is a disgraceful situation! https://t.co/s2qZSrGw6U
## 03:26:35
RT @ChanelRion: AG Sec Sonny Purdue:
- Ag Relief Program is in 2 parts
1) $16 bill in direct payments
2) USDA will purchase $3 Bill in food…
## 16:21:44
RT @SenJoniErnst: #PaycheckProtectionProgram has allowed workers to collect paychecks &amp; #smallbiz owners pay bills: 22K+ loans &amp; $3.7B+ in…
## 18:56:38
RT @paulsperry_: Let's see if authorities enforce the social-distancing orders for mosques during Ramadan (April 23-May 23) like they did c…
## 18:56:26
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Adjusted for population, U.S. COVID-19 deaths (fatalities per million) are lower than every Western European cou…
## 17:20:23
No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats, no matter how GREAT a job you are doing, they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different, but it’s not. In fact, it’s even worse...
## 03:35:10
They are Fake News Losers! https://t.co/3RHcBZogms
## 03:31:30
RT @TeamTrump: The partisan media has spread false information about America's testing capacity!

President @realDonaldTrump isn't afraid t…
## 16:04:36
RT @SenatorTimScott: I want to thank President @realDonaldTrump for the opportunity to serve our nation on this task force, and I will be w…
## 16:44:19
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!
## 16:22:32
RT @SenJohnThune: This never needed to happen.

@SenateGOP was ready to approve more relief funds last week — Dems stepped in to block.

*O…
## 03:40:31
Cut him off now! https://t.co/kdGybEFeOI
## 16:05:27
RT @SenateGOP: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is literally saving millions of jobs.

It's helping small businesses stay open.

FUNDS WILL R…
## 16:21:52
RT @SteveDaines: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram is critical for MT small businesses and workers. It’s officially OUT of money. We must boos…
## 01:02:29
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, we unveiled the Guidelines for Opening Up America Again! 🇺🇸 

https://t.co/HxnTNieF8w https://t.co/TaBM5RfBC0
## 23:41:26
Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am (Eastern) watching @jackngraham from @Prestonwood Baptist in Dallas, Texas. You can join us at https://t.co/Nx4ePPySmn. https://t.co/mheZBjYHrx
## 16:25:25
RT @SenRickScott: .@SenateDems blocked more funding for this program just last week and now it’s almost out of money. Small businesses need…
## 16:24:41
RT @marcorubio: In just 12 days #PPP has helped over 1 MILLION #SmallBusiness save 15 MILLION American jobs. But now it’s being held hostag…
## 16:21:21
RT @SenatorFischer: Great #PaycheckProtectionProgram success story in NE! I’m glad Steve was able to use this program to get his employees…
## 16:04:27
RT @SenatorTimScott: As our nation faces an unprecedented crisis in responding to the #COVID19 #coronavirus pandemic, it is critical that w…
## 03:35:22
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Economic relief payments have been sent out to over 80 million Americans!

If you haven’t got yo…
## 03:50:31
An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington &amp; take care of our great American workers. https://t.co/FZ9mH92j0S
## 16:22:42
RT @GrassleyPress: The livelihood of many Americans are on the line during the #coronavirus pandemic.

Last week, @SenateDems blocked addit…
## 16:22:01
RT @SenToddYoung: Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s refusal to provide additional funding for this bipartisan program is indefensible. I’ll continue f…
## 16:06:38
RT @SenateGOP: #PPP Update: April 17

↓↓↓

❌no new loans approved

❌no new jobs saved

The Paycheck Protection Program is out of money.

an…
## 19:13:28
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE! https://t.co/vmvCr4SkQq
## 17:05:13
Great news, thank you! https://t.co/hp4TCZQW9r
## 16:22:53
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress must IMMEDIATELY increase funding for the Paycheck Protection Program.

A simple 1 page bill will get the job done…
## 03:38:07
Great book. Get it and support Charlie! https://t.co/fG7YXOCk9R
## 03:31:08
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great news from @realDonaldTrump:

So far, the Treasury Department has sent 80 million Americans economic relief payment…
## 03:31:17
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “The ultimate victory in this war will be made possible by America’s scientific brilliance.” htt…
## 16:23:18
RT @SenCapito: This situation could have been completely avoided. Small businesses in America are in desperate need. We should not be playi…
## 03:31:42
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats are blocking more funding for #PaycheckProtectionProgram that @realDonaldTrump signed into law.

1.7M #smallbi…
## 19:03:09
I gave up on Drudge (a really nice guy) long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies! https://t.co/L77SXS2mE8
## 16:07:26
RT @senrobportman: The #PaycheckProtectionProgram has already issued 1M+ loans to small businesses, saving millions of jobs nationwide.
 
B…
## 16:08:34
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Congress could pass clean #coronavirus relief bills . . . if Speaker Pelosi would agree to it. 

Right now, though, Dem…
## 19:07:47
RT @BryanDeanWright: Biden has a problem if he runs on “Things Were Better Under Obama.”
## 19:05:32
RT @paulsperry_: With all the grounded flights and ghosted airports, great time for POTUS to rebuild crumbling airports like La Guardia and…
## 16:20:58
RT @SenBillCassidy: I’m receiving text messages, phone calls &amp; emails from #smallbiz owners who wonder if more money will be put into the #…
## 16:08:11
RT @SenJohnThune: By blocking relief for Main Street, Democrats are behaving as they always do in circumstances like this one: hijacking th…
## 18:58:10
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: New daily cases of COVID-19 in both U.S. and N.Y. have peaked and trend-line now rolling over
## 16:23:31
RT @SenatorTimScott: The initial #PaycheckProtectionProgram funds have run out. 5.2 million more Americans filed for unemployment last week…
## 16:06:15
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: @SenSchumer .@SenSchumer and Congressional Democrats need to stop holding workers and small businesses hostage and sto…
## 03:26:25
RT @ChanelRion: #HAPPENINGNOW: White House Daily  Briefing 4/17/20

- Treasury has sent relief checks to over 80 mill Americans - https://t…
## 17:20:28
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made....
## 18:22:18
The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
## 15:51:25
Spending the morning speaking to @fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
