## 03:19:29
RT @GreggJarrett: New Evidence Confirms That The Russia Probe Against @realDonaldTrump Was A “Witch Hunt” https://t.co/qpCn9pVDtE
## 10:19:15
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn’t worth the effort, his mind is shot!
## 03:20:18
RT @GreggJarrett: Schumer’s Pathetic Attempt to Chastise Trump Backfires https://t.co/zInB8dLRMK
## 04:19:13
RT @WhiteHouse: "At a time when millions of American workers and families are struggling with the financial consequences of the virus, it's…
## 04:32:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizen…
## 04:31:37
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and…
## 03:22:18
RT @GreggJarrett: https://t.co/whAEZype9u
## 03:14:23
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases https://t.co/TMxeVDJbIU   The greatest political scam in American history!
## 03:20:27
RT @GreggJarrett: Does Google have Hillary Clinton’s Bleach Bit Emails? https://t.co/Kv3a6Zfx3V
## 04:31:52
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ball…
## 01:57:10
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany! https://t.co/5OqIca08Rr
## 04:20:03
RT @senatemajldr: It’s been four days since the Paycheck Protection Program ran dry. Republicans have been trying to fund this job-saving p…
## 10:40:33
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I’m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
## 00:25:50
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/cU6gIdMgGi
## 01:57:09
Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
## 03:19:20
RT @GreggJarrett: Clinton-Funded Russian Disinformation Drove The Witch Hunt Against Trump https://t.co/k3IHbaWWWr
## 10:57:36
I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , @nytimes) but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
## 03:15:12
RT @TrumpWarRoom: General Motors's first ventilators arrived Friday at hospitals, just 1 month after conversations about the possibility of…
## 04:31:56
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he serv…
## 03:19:08
RT @GreggJarrett: More Russia Spygate Indictments Coming ‘This Week’ https://t.co/fRg3HRjdBN
## 02:06:22
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
## 03:18:19
Great Alan. They are Fake News! https://t.co/n7zUY7mzIQ
## 02:02:12
...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement. https://t.co/MEnGMv3wTT
## 11:15:57
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic.
## 03:19:45
RT @GreggJarrett: Footnotes from IG Report Soon To Be Declassified; Show FBI Gave ‘False Picture’ in Briefing Materials to Congress https:/…
## 04:20:51
RT @JimInhofe: Our farmers and ranchers are instrumental to Oklahoma’s economy and they’ve been hit hard by #COVID19. This funding will bri…
## 04:31:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tom Tiffany (@TomTiffanyWI) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress…
