## 15:21:07
RT @trish_regan: AG #Barr says he believes #Russia investigation into #PresTrump was started without basis &amp; effectively amounted to an eff…
## 15:15:25
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
## 04:46:48
RT @BenGoldey: President @realDonaldTrump just announced: “Student loan payments have been waived for 6 months, and we'll discuss it after…
## 12:19:28
RT @cybergenica: Macron faces calls to allow wider use hydroxychloroquine in coronavirus fight: report https://t.co/APZk7159k0 #FoxNews #CN…
## 14:32:33
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
## 04:50:36
RT @Surabees: Just like @CNN did earlier today, here's @nytimes once again changing a headline to protect their close personal friends in t…
## 15:20:20
RT @brithume: Barr on the right track here. Most in the media went in the other direction.  https://t.co/Wyd20ZABgF
## 05:15:05
RT @searcyroger52: @IngrahamAngle if you continue to have loud mouth low IQ Chris Hahn on your show you’re going to loose me and many other…
## 04:47:13
RT @FLOTUS: Today I joined @POTUS, @VP, &amp; @SecondLady on a call w Mental Health Professionals. Americans are enduring many hardships becaus…
## 12:39:24
RT @SenTomCotton: .@Max_Fisher claims—without evidence—that I believe the China virus was “produced by a Chinese weapons lab.” He should ha…
## 00:42:28
I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe....
## 04:32:58
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/V4dAJ4RKfy
## 04:53:42
RT @JuddPDeere45: .@realDonaldTrump and @senatemajldr are fighting to help small businesses across this country. #COVID19 #AmericaWorksToge…
## 11:32:26
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &amp; more. Big Economic Bounceback!
## 04:58:13
RT @AndrewHClark: Slow slow Sleepy Joe https://t.co/Fuoki6vGYO
## 04:46:22
RT @GOPconvention: “The Republican Convention is going to be such a benefit for the city. It’s going to show everyone around the world that…
## 04:30:30
RT @FEMA_Pete: Multiple #ProjectAirBridge flights arrived in Chicago, IL today &amp; included:
 
• 49M+ gloves
• 507k+ gowns
• 8.7M+ masks
 
Th…
## 05:08:38
RT @CLH45: "Our goal is - first, second and third - to get relief to people who need it, quickly. So, we're trying to do it as swiftly as p…
## 05:00:26
RT @FLOTUS: As the CDC continues to study the spread of the COVID-19, they recommend people wear cloth face coverings in public settings wh…
## 14:14:28
Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96%. Thank you!
## 04:28:51
RT @fema: We're working with partners to get medical supplies where they are needed by:

🔹 Making the best use of supplies at hand
🔹 Identi…
## 04:27:57
RT @realDonaldTrump: This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of t…
## 05:08:58
RT @TeamTrump: MUST READ op-ed from @LizRNC: Isn’t it strange how every Democrat proposal for voting during a pandemic is exactly what Demo…
## 12:30:03
RT @THE_REDLILY: @EM_KA_17 @senatemajldr THEY ARE EVIL PEOPLE PERIOD‼️ https://t.co/Nr4TSxcPSp
## 05:01:16
RT @ErinMPerrine: Dem establishment got the candidate they wanted with Biden &amp; his policies are right in line w/ Socialist Bernie -- BAD FO…
## 04:28:15
RT @NJNationalGuard: NJ National Guard aids in medical care: Col. Stephen McKenzie, a physician assistant with Joint Task Force-57 (JTF-57)…
## 04:57:58
Tim Scott is Great! https://t.co/O1Aivbc2yG
## 05:17:15
RT @KimStrassel: Pelosi holds up small business: Democrats may let a new relief program run out of money.  https://t.co/2nihHg8DQw via @WSJ
## 05:09:37
RT @TommyHicksGOP: “President Trump’s campaign remains at the forefront of digital campaigning and engagement…Sleepy Joe’s broadcasts, whic…
## 20:55:18
RT @WhiteHouse: The data is clear: Our collective national effort is saving many lives. Keep up the fight! https://t.co/MMk1BpwDpg
## 04:36:40
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
## 12:23:39
RT @realDailyWire: Fauci: We’re On Track For More ‘Normal’ Summer; Mnuchin: Likely To Begin ‘Reopening’ In May https://t.co/uGVesET2cr http…
## 04:51:32
RT @MZanona: House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said it's “disgusting” that Dems are pushing to include money for mail-in voting in the n…
## 04:30:58
RT @DHS_Wolf: An international cargo plane landed at Louisville International Airport with crucial medical supplies destined for critical l…
## 05:04:58
RT @FrancisBrennan: “Trump Campaign: The President Will Destroy Biden in November” https://t.co/wOLQ1roYzk
## 04:27:00
RT @USACE_NY: The New York District, in conjunction with state, federal and local partners, is constructing an alternate care facility for…
## 11:30:20
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
## 14:36:41
Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media), the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats &amp;, of course, the few remaining RINO’S, are doing everything in their power to disparage &amp; end them. The People’s Voice!
## 05:04:37
RT @FrancisBrennan: What is Joe Biden doing with his hand here?

It looks like Biden’s teleprompter went down during his coronavirus press…
## 04:27:28
RT @USACE_NY: Time-lapse footage shows efforts to convert sites at SUNY Old Westbury into an alternate care facility.1020 beds for various…
## 12:29:51
RT @zeusFanHouse: #Trump #Coronavirus Campaign Ad Features Joe Biden Cheerleading for China

“During America’s #crisis,Biden protected #Chi…
## 04:32:11
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/Ge6pvUufNB
## 04:28:55
RT @USACEHQ: Fernanda Brooks, Navy Facilities Mid-Atlantic architect, assists Wayne Miller, @norfolkdistrict structural engineer, in a site…
## 16:44:53
https://t.co/HGD0GHUOjt
## 12:32:14
RT @Sedona4ProLife: @realDailyWire Can't beat Trump! https://t.co/uEQ1hmCj1a
## 15:20:50
RT @TomFitton: AG William Barr says Russia probe targeting @RealDonaldTrump was started 'without basis'. Where are the prosections? https:/…
## 04:58:26
RT @CNBCnow: BREAKING: Democrats block McConnell’s effort to get unanimous support for $250 billion in additional small business aid 
https…
## 04:30:07
RT @UPS_News: FEMA’S ‘Project Airbridge’ Takes Flight With 25 @UPS Charter Flights, Dedicated @FEMA Distribution Center  - https://t.co/Tmi…
## 12:36:15
Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines! https://t.co/AeaiLCO9pg
## 12:19:41
RT @cybergenica: Trump vows coronavirus-ravaged economy will 'bounce' back https://t.co/6r0LJknEY5 #FoxNews #CNN #MSNBC
## 05:05:40
RT @GaryCoby: Trump vs Establishment - Part 2!

#SleepyJoe Loves...
✅ China
✅ Open Borders
✅ Free Healthcare for Illegals
✅ Big Government…
## 14:35:20
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
## 05:19:17
RT @KimStrassel: The World Health Organization’s bows to China have harmed the global response to the coronavirus.  https://t.co/uC0kgXFCK9…
## 12:20:15
RT @cybergenica: AG William Barr on the Russia investigation: 'There's something far more troubling here' https://t.co/l9pwO7PCYZ #FoxNews…
## 12:37:34
RT @SaraCarterDC: WHO Director Says Politicizing COVID19 Leads To 'body bags,' But He Was Accused Of Covering Up Epidemics In Ethiopia

 ht…
## 05:00:34
RT @TeamTrump: Team Trump Communications Director @TimMurtaugh on how important the #PaycheckProtectionProgram is for American Small Busine…
## 12:37:17
RT @SaraCarterDC: Former Flynn Defense Counsel Covington and Burling 'just now found additional docs' In Flynn File - Sara A. Carter

“We a…
## 15:42:10
Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE!  I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
## 05:18:45
RT @KimStrassel: Bernie Sanders gives up on the nomination but is determined to force Joe Biden leftward—making him unelectable in the proc…
## 12:38:31
RT @SenTomCotton: Very grateful for the people of Vietnam and their generosity during this time. Thank you!
## 04:35:56
RT @Jim_Jordan: New transcripts show that James Comey’s FBI sought dirt on the Trump Campaign less than TWO WEEKS before the 2016 election.…
## 05:06:11
RT @TeamTrump: Secretary of State @mikepompeo announces that the State Department has repatriated 50,000 Americans! https://t.co/iWHLL2pHHd
## 04:48:21
RT @ErinMPerrine: 100% mail in voting is ripe for fraud. States should maintain the responsibility for their voting laws.

Democrats want t…
## 04:36:42
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through…
## 04:45:48
Thank you Erin! https://t.co/m8HRlK6VCY
## 04:31:56
RT @USNavy: Superheroes exist in real life, for we walk among them! 

Shout out to all the dedicated health professionals and Sailors acros…
## 05:04:30
RT @LizRNC: AG Barr on Durham probe:

"He is looking to bring to justice people who were engaged in abuses if he can show that they were cr…
## 17:53:07
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/OtJWAa9yHo
## 12:28:13
RT @Thaun84: @realDailyWire If Trump is tied with Biden, it probably actually means he is 10 points ahead.
## 20:55:21
RT @WhiteHouse: This Sunday, millions of Christians will celebrate Easter. 

"At this holy time, we pray that God will heal the sick and co…
## 12:34:30
RT @GreggJarrett: Coronavirus Crisis – Americans Fear the Lockdown More Than The Virus https://t.co/hVDzBPypAQ
## 04:56:21
Thank you Frank. It’s ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story! https://t.co/FHkRaW3BTi
## 11:48:26
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs &amp; Entertaiment is expected to flourish (like never before)!
## 05:15:54
RT @BBCBreaking: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been moved out of intensive care but remains in hospital, Downing Street says https://t.c…
## 20:55:29
RT @WhiteHouse: In response to the virus, the American people have launched the greatest mobilization of our society since World War II. 🇺🇸…
## 04:36:55
RT @Jim_Jordan: Chuck Schumer will never pass up an opportunity to play partisan games.
https://t.co/SrMlN4MR7X
## 00:42:29
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
## 05:06:03
RT @parscale: The @TeamTrump online campaign is 🔥🔥🔥!

Since going all-virtual March 13:

❗️276K NEW volunteers
❗️13,347,694 volunteer calls…
## 04:36:18
RT @realDonaldTrump: On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while pr…
