## 04:18:10
RT @Mike_Pence: President @realDonaldTrump &amp; the entire Admin are pleased at the passage of the Paycheck Protection Program in the House. I…
## 13:42:56
RT @GeraldoRivera: If--as @VP tells me on our radio interview this morning--the worst is behind us &amp; entire epidemic will be largely behind…
## 04:28:01
RT @Mike_Pence: Yesterday, I had the privilege of visiting @GEHealthcare in Wisconsin to see American industry and American workers at thei…
## 20:51:16
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
## 04:27:46
RT @seanhannity: In retrospect every democrat &amp; everyone in the media mob needs to be asked if .@realDonaldTrump ‘s travel ban 10 days afte…
## 04:20:37
RT @GOPChairwoman: “At a time when many Americans are enduring significant economic challenges, this bill will help small business and keep…
## 14:12:23
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
## 17:02:20
RT @FinancialCmte: #BREAKING: President @RealDonaldTrump just signed legislation to support America’s #SmallBiz with additional #PPPLoans.…
## 14:49:41
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT&amp;T, which owns and presides over Fake News @CNN, is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
## 17:02:05
RT @SenateGOP: ✓ SIGNED

President @realdonaldtrump just signed Phase 3.5 of coronavirus relief legislation into law!

Here's what it inclu…
## 04:29:53
Important news! https://t.co/4dmVvJ4IM6
## 14:59:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals,…
## 14:20:08
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
## 14:59:34
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
## 13:39:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: Important news!
## 19:08:09
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
## 13:53:25
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
## 13:38:16
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
## 21:39:42
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/mLfPSV05Lj
## 04:17:52
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party! https://t.co/HMpXOEdgSA
## 04:28:43
RT @CLewandowski_: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for forcing Harvard to return the money.  I never get tired of winning!
## 14:40:20
I (or @VP) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, &amp; barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (&amp; USA)!
## 14:59:05
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
## 20:13:18
https://t.co/x8Yguxf4Ks
## 04:30:24
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: After the pandemic passes and we can fire up our economic engine I’m truly looking forward to watching @realDonaldTrump…
## 17:02:47
RT @HouseGOP: 🚨 President Trump just signed the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act to empower American families, w…
## 13:40:16
RT @GOPChairwoman: We have a decision as to who will restore our economy after this pandemic.
 
@realDonaldTrump has already done it once,…
## 13:46:48
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She’s smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many! https://t.co/HMpXOEdgSA
