## 20:37:12
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
## 15:26:20
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
## 16:12:24
Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
## 12:07:27
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  Good news!
## 12:46:01
Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner! https://t.co/Nj4EPxfZl6
## 12:20:48
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason,  doesn’t work out well for Republicans. @foxandfriends
## 23:15:03
This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam. Thank you! @DuPont_News @FedEx https://t.co/8yhG6tYnQW
## 22:48:50
https://t.co/DKY3UPeyak
## 22:59:34
RT @WhiteHouse: To date, we've shipped out more than 8,000 ventilators, have an additional 10,000 ready to go, and 2,200 more will be avail…
## 12:25:58
RT @AP: The last restrictions on movement have been lifted in the central Chinese city where the coronavirus pandemic began. People are goi…
## 20:50:34
Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world! https://t.co/83odnD9yvh
## 23:34:27
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
## 12:26:15
RT @AFP: Voicing joy and excitement from behind face masks, tens of thousands of people flee Wuhan after a 76-day travel ban is lifted on t…
## 21:47:27
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/jgENbi406M
## 14:42:25
...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, “Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale” type numbers (&amp; sadly, they get it $FREE). Trump Derangement Syndrome!
## 18:11:51
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister @NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
## 14:42:24
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame.....
## 15:49:28
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats &amp; the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!
## 14:52:56
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
## 16:09:38
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
