## 22:01:41
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, &amp; then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, &amp; the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time &amp; effort!
## 15:59:22
If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
## 12:59:20
Many testing sites are, and have been, open &amp; available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Don’t believe the Fake News! https://t.co/uTSMAvj7R3
## 12:14:56
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNews
## 13:05:51
RT @CDCgov: New COVID-NET data reported more than 6,000 #COVID19 hospitalizations. Of these, almost 2,000 had race/ethnicity info. When com…
## 13:01:56
RT @CDCgov: Household cleaners and disinfectants can cause health problems when not used properly. Follow the instructions on the product l…
## 13:05:26
RT @CDCgov: Adults age 65+ and those with underlying health conditions are at higher risk for severe illness from #COVID19. Learn more in t…
## 14:10:21
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
## 13:04:56
RT @HHSGov: As @Surgeon_General explains, telemedicine doesn't just help providers deliver care during the #COVID19 outbreak – it can also…
## 13:02:37
RT @CDCgov: Feeling sick? Answer a few questions about your symptoms using Clara, CDC’s #Coronavirus Self-Checker, to help you decide if yo…
## 13:05:16
RT @CDCgov: Looking for #CDC #COVID19 resources for sharing on social media? CDC’s social media toolkit provides free sample messages and g…
## 22:23:30
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out &amp; embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
## 12:45:55
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardner
## 20:30:42
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking &amp; asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. &amp; the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt &amp; sick!
## 12:12:10
RT @CDCgov: If you have diabetes, you are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from #coronavirus. Learn how you can take steps to prote…
## 12:12:52
RT @CDCgov: The latest CDC #COVIDView report with new hospitalization data on race/ethnicity by age is now available https://t.co/zP4VYlo0P…
## 13:03:08
RT @DepSecHargan: ICYMI: Last week @VP announced that the administration is encouraging patients who have fully recovered from #COVID-19 to…
## 14:51:54
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!
## 12:20:16
.@TripleH is a total winner! https://t.co/KsTHMEKeqx
## 15:06:08
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, &amp; will be a “Miracle” end!
## 13:04:25
RT @NIH: Plasma is the liquid part of blood. Ppl who have recovered from #COVID19 may have antibodies (proteins the immune system makes aft…
## 22:17:13
Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
## 13:07:15
RT @CDCgov: Tribal leaders: You can help safeguard your communities from #COVID19 during funerals and burials. Actions like social distanci…
## 14:57:29
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!
## 13:04:07
RT @CDCgov: We’re still learning about how #COVID19 affects animals, but it appears that people can spread the virus to animals in some sit…
## 13:02:51
RT @CDCgov: The latest #COVIDView report shows that adults 65 and older are experiencing the highest rates of #COVID19-associated hospitali…
## 13:08:14
RT @CDCgov: States, tribal, local, &amp; territorial officials: Resources are available to help quickly identify new #COVID19 cases, break chai…
