## 13:19:17
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered &amp; obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
## 12:25:11
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach (on nothing). A TOTAL &amp; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement! https://t.co/v1OnY0MI8m
## 00:02:19
https://t.co/Ng5SIjmUAa
## 12:05:44
Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
## 12:17:55
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
## 12:17:53
There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged &amp; even illegally printed out &amp; fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
## 13:19:14
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe &amp; his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking....
