## 13:34:02
The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
## 03:15:54
RT @Jim_Jordan: Right on! 

We don’t have to pay organizations to lie to us. They’ll probably do it for free.
## 14:25:02
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight (and arrest the bad ones). STRENGTH!
## 03:19:01
RT @TallahForTrump: Trump spoke at my church in Detroit and it opened my eyes. Never again will I be a slave to the Democrats!👊 Let us rise…
## 03:26:31
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Malaria drug and zinc, the missing link https://t.co/FC9CpuH0Yr via @theconwom
## 19:18:27
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: We are launching astronauts to the @Space_Station from @NASAKennedy for the first time in nine years. Liftoff is at 3:2…
## 15:54:56
It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!
## 18:52:00
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: #LaunchAmerica, Take 2. 🎬 Watch as @NASA_Astronauts fly to the @Space_Station from U.S. soil for the first time in nine…
## 18:04:08
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is en route to Kennedy Space Center to view the planned @NASA and @SpaceX rocket launch. https:/…
## 14:00:49
These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
## 03:18:18
RT @TheRightMelissa: In an ironic twist of fate, CNN HQ is being attacked by the very riots they promoted as noble &amp; just. 
Oops
## 03:21:41
RT @YoungDems4Trump: In Democrat cities you can get arrested for opening a business, but not for looting one. #MinneapolisRiot #Coronavirus
## 18:33:36
Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, @nytimes and @washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
## 22:08:28
RT @WhiteHouse: “We support the right of peaceful protestors, and we hear their pleas. But what we are now seeing on the streets of our cit…
## 22:08:44
RT @WhiteHouse: "The death of George Floyd on the streets of Minneapolis was a grave tragedy. It should never have happened. It has filled…
## 03:20:18
Time for a change! #2020 https://t.co/AECy2GBfys
## 18:02:43
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump says violence must stop so Americans can honor the memory of #GeorgeFloyd https://t.co/fXdVlAzaEE
## 22:08:23
RT @WhiteHouse: "My Administration will always stand against violence, mayhem, and disorder.

We will stand with the family of George Floyd…
## 21:16:03
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers remarks at Kennedy Space Center https://t.co/yQPSeo5Q75
## 17:04:09
Here we go again. Fake News @CNN is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?
## 18:37:07
Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?  @FoxNews  @OANN
## 03:15:21
RT @Jim_Jordan: Twitter “fact checks” President Trump. 

Did they ever fact check Comey or Schiff?

Did they ever fact check Clapper (CNN)?…
## 03:15:30
RT @Scavino45: “Texas AG Ken Paxton: Trump is right and Twitter ‘fact check’ is wrong – mail-in ballot fraud is a real problem” https://t.c…
## 18:34:17
80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
## 12:41:04
....good practice.” As you saw last night, they were very cool &amp; very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, @MurielBowser, who is always looking for money &amp; help, wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!
## 18:20:36
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
## 03:21:32
RT @YoungDems4Trump: So sad. This poor business owner lost everything due to the  #MinneapolisRiot
https://t.co/mK0nHFNthS
