## 22:34:01
Another $298M heading to @MTA, adding up to over $2B in federal funding from @USDOT so far, part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!
## 00:13:00
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
## 04:28:40
Wow! https://t.co/fjngaMPrzb
## 21:15:55
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is at @Ford's Rawsonville Plant!

America's workers make our Nation proud! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/XrOLd…
## 18:43:10
DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box https://t.co/cmFQeWhVEe via @BreitbartNews
## 22:27:40
https://t.co/maLSpL5zuK
## 01:36:30
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....
## 18:30:04
....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN &amp; MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
## 22:26:40
https://t.co/pAC6D3uhDA
## 00:13:01
....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!
## 04:59:56
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has negotiated better trade deals that brought back American jobs and American manufacturing.…
## 22:41:20
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
## 04:10:47
RT @JackPosobiec: Sweden becomes country with highest coronavirus death rate per capita
https://t.co/YL7II8MGXC
## 18:30:02
Many will disagree, but @FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris...
## 04:56:01
RT @charliekirk11: RT if President Trump should withhold federal funds to states that try to STEAL our elections with voter fraud!
## 21:15:46
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Delivers Remarks at Ford Rawsonville Components Plant https://t.co/n9lFMmd6eV
## 01:36:31
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!
## 04:56:12
RT @charliekirk11: Why did Susan Rice need to send herself an email telling herself that Obama said the Flynn issue was being handled "by t…
## 22:41:21
....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
## 01:37:02
China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
## 04:59:45
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump’s public-private partnership is DELIVERING!

✅Over…
## 13:35:14
RT @realDonaldTrump: China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential…
## 21:16:08
RT @WhiteHouse: We send our love to all those affected by the flooding near Midland. https://t.co/bjSfv0gSOD
## 17:29:04
Just departed the @WhiteHouse for the Great State of Michigan! https://t.co/qPX8OY5Pou
