## 22:06:11
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of @Honeywell! https://t.co/z8XOjmFquB
## 16:55:29
The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!
## 12:33:32
Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again! https://t.co/My5yPSZdS3
## 18:37:54
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification &amp; business deductions for restaurants &amp; ent.
## 12:22:39
RT @WhiteHouse: "China’s economy has thrived through the manufacture of American products," Andy Puzder and Bill Hagerty write.

It's time…
## 17:35:53
Remember this? Happy #CincoDeMayo! https://t.co/1jDZHNTHHj
## 20:25:31
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight.
## 12:20:45
RT @GOPChairwoman: Amazing. @realDonaldTrump truly has the best volunteers, and it’s going to pay off big time come Election Day! #LeadRigh…
## 17:44:02
RT @RepMarkWalker: .@RepRatcliffe is the right choice for Director of National Intelligence – and for America.

https://t.co/ZaVdYA2j3A
## 12:36:07
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
## 15:38:57
RT @RepGosar: Honored to join President @realDonaldTrump on board Air Force One today! 🇺🇸
## 15:36:13
RT @RepDLesko: Excited to join @realDonaldTrump today on Air Force One for his visit to a @honeywell facility in Arizona! https://t.co/4wuO…
## 04:46:33
....get even for all of their many failures. You see, these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges, 2 great Supreme Court Justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd Amendment, biggest EVER Tax &amp; Regulation cuts, and much more. I didn’t use any of them....
## 13:13:29
Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also, saved big dollars!
## 12:39:33
Heading to Arizona!
## 12:22:18
RT @JesseBWatters: What would the media say if Barack Obama were president during the Coronavirus Pandemic and handled it the same way as @…
## 22:07:58
RT @TeamTrump: Owners of Sammy’s Mexican Restaurant to President @realDonaldTrump: Latinos are going to vote for you because you’re doing a…
## 19:25:14
On #NationalTeacherDay, we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students, thank you! https://t.co/sai1FMR1fp
## 12:24:05
RT @GOPChairwoman: “The mobilization of the private sector has been extraordinary. For instance, N95 masks alone, @realDonaldTrump has depl…
## 15:26:04
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We are going to build the greatest economy in the world AGAIN! https://t.co/QzGf0kk137
## 04:46:34
....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt &amp; Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O”, &amp; Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. They’re all LOSERS, but Abe Lincoln, Republican, is all smiles!
## 12:19:39
RT @PressSec: Governor Phil Murphy: President @realDonaldTrump "knows New Jersey. He and his team have been extremely responsive in our hou…
## 18:51:34
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
## 15:35:29
RT @dougducey: Arizona is proud to welcome @realDonaldTrump to our state today! We are very thankful for his leadership in addressing #COVI…
## 02:45:35
THANK YOU #USNSComfort! https://t.co/Hp89n5xGIK
## 04:46:31
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, “Morning in America”, doing everything possible to....
## 12:22:50
RT @GOPChairwoman: Across the country, the #PaycheckProtectionProgram that @realDonaldTrump signed is helping Americans.
 
And in Wisconsin…
## 18:50:20
Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld, a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert, nice guy Jimmy Fallon, and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so. @FoxNews
## 18:18:26
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project”, goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets (Choice!) &amp; protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!
## 16:52:10
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA, instead of always ripping us down! https://t.co/8AwnPCNchF
## 15:25:53
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: The Democrats want us to fail so they can win an election which they’re not going to win https:/…
