## 03:36:11
RT @SaraCarterDC: .@SeanParnellUSA Says Trump's Endorsement Is A 'tremendous honor' 

"I left the military with next to nothing. A decade l…
## 03:45:25
He looks better! https://t.co/qzxn6Svlpc
## 12:20:32
RT @VicToensing: Let me get this straight. @GenFlynn was broke from legal fees and FBI threatened to prosecute his son if he did not plead…
## 03:53:47
RT @sxdoc: FBI Director Wray opens “internal review” into how bureau handled Michael Flynn case
https://t.co/Sa8nSBl0nr
Lou Dobbs/ Tom Fitt…
## 03:36:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi.…
## 01:54:45
RT @McAllisterDen: If you have time today, please pray for Rush Limbaugh and his family—strength, peace, comfort and healing according to G…
## 01:36:55
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
## 04:01:27
RT @SidneyPowell1: #Mueller investigation viewed exposure of truth as #ObstructionOfJustice.
It was all so corrupt.and so wrong.
What liars…
## 12:13:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyon…
## 12:16:08
So many different viewpoints! https://t.co/DCesPbJu5M
## 03:57:21
RT @CherokeeOwl: Joe you lost the Black Vote with a stupid comment- now you’ve lost the Latino Vote with this gaff👇👇

Latinos don’t like to…
## 11:57:46
Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard! https://t.co/A60YxvWFGv
## 02:16:51
RT @mrddmia: Cheers to the Arizona Attorney General (@GeneralBrnovich) for stepping up and protecting Arizonans from trillion-dollar monopo…
## 12:01:51
RT @VicToensing: Of course Sidney is right on. #ObamaGate #maga
## 03:42:02
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Absolutely 100% the greatest President in history!  Thank you, Lou Dobbs!
## 02:15:13
RT @EWErickson: Rush Limbaugh gets an extraordinary amount of hate from people who failed in the talk radio business.  These same people ar…
## 03:36:38
RT @SeanParnellUSA: Talked with @PeteHegseth this morning about the urgency of reopening #PA safely, @realDonaldTrump’s incredible endorsem…
## 02:35:58
Who else gave the less than elite (We are the elite. We know how to WIN!) 260 great new Federal Judges, 2 SCJ’s, Low Taxes, biggest ever REG. CUTS, Rebuilt Military, Choice, saved 2A &amp; MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick. https://t.co/wSabyoJ2GT
## 12:24:32
RT @MarieLeff: @GreggJarrett Also, the plot thickens. Will Comey spend years in jail &amp; admit his illegal acts, or, like the weasel he is, s…
## 11:54:31
RT @GreggJarrett: Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ https://t.co/VQ…
## 12:13:48
RT @BarbaraRedgate: The Obama/Clinton Cabal Knew They Had To Stop General Mike Flynn First! OR They Would ALL Be Locked Up By NOW! @realDon…
## 11:53:00
Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ https://t.co/cugnMv1RuO
## 02:08:18
RT @LoganDobson: An obviously true statement that will nevertheless drive people on the internet insane: 

“Zuckerberg says private compani…
## 12:09:21
@USAttyHuber Whatever happen to John Huber?
## 12:25:53
RT @Repeoplecan: @GreggJarrett https://t.co/G61NvyWVG9
Special Counsel was a Coup Plot created through leaking lies and falsifying evidence…
## 12:37:57
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
## 03:55:17
RT @ConservaMomUSA: @realDonaldTrump Hey @Jack- while you’re at it- can you #FactCheck all #FISA applications?
#SpyGate
#ObamaGate
#Trump20…
## 02:07:37
Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail https://t.co/rAZVRF4nkj  Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam!
## 12:22:57
RT @RomanEcho: @GreggJarrett @Comey When J. Edgar @Comey 🤡 sent @petestrzok &amp; Pientka to the WH to ambush @GenFlynn then bragged about it w…
## 11:59:56
The greatest political crime in USA History! https://t.co/kyPZwHsBDQ
## 12:10:32
RT @RichardGrenell: After spending years peddling a Russian collusion hoax, but under oath admitting you saw NOTHING, forgive us if we igno…
## 12:01:13
RT @VicToensing: For over 3 years MSM, including NYT and WP, have been writing about what @GenFlynn discussed with Amb. Kislyak. But they h…
## 04:00:34
Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico! https://t.co/aCRJeskUA8
## 12:21:27
RT @GreggJarrett: https://t.co/7ojhuDtRAD
## 12:21:07
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump attorney accuses Mueller of ‘monstrous lie and scheme to defraud’ https://t.co/xxY6CkHoWv
## 13:37:57
We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. To all of the families &amp; friends of those who have passed, I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy &amp; love for everything that these great people stood for &amp; represent. God be with you!
## 12:17:05
RT @VicToensing: Great American: @RichardGrenell, declassifying @GenFlynn Kislyak conversations. How cld Mueller accuse Flynn of lying abou…
