## 12:42:10
Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
## 21:28:24
Thank you to @NASA and @SpaceX for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
## 02:31:10
The Failing @nytimes, winner of @PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!
## 03:56:10
RT @GreggJarrett: Joe diGenova: Rice Memo Shifted Blame to James Comey, ‘Who I Predict’ Will Be Indicted https://t.co/1xHmj20Wkh
## 18:09:33
RT @NASA: LIVE NOW: History is about to be made. Watch as @NASA_Astronauts #LaunchAmerica to the @Space_Station from American soil for the…
## 03:54:51
Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’ https://t.co/JlqGygcWYq
## 11:54:46
We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
## 22:58:18
"He is arguably the greatest president in our history.” Thank you @LouDobbs! https://t.co/6dfy0yxu9l
## 11:31:43
New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
## 11:21:28
We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
## 03:55:42
RT @GreggJarrett: Ex-Independent Counsel Robert Ray predicts prosecutions from Durham probe: ‘Political scandal of the highest order’ https…
## 03:56:56
RT @GreggJarrett: Judge in Flynn case hired an attorney to represent him in appeals court review of his actions. This is not allowed becaus…
## 22:16:31
If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor, I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!
## 02:19:14
RT @realDonaldTrump: Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S&amp;P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness ha…
## 02:42:53
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the @simonschuster publication of your new book, “Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization”. Certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to Winston Churchill.  @NickAdamsinUSA
## 04:01:06
RT @jsolomonReports: In apparent ‘error,’ YouTube has been censoring comments critical of Chinese Communist Party | Just The News https://t…
## 13:19:37
The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong, I was very fast, even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!
## 03:59:00
RT @GreggJarrett: KT McFarland: Rice Email Was a ‘Cover Your A**’ Memorandum https://t.co/rcPEN6QKl3
## 03:56:31
RT @GreggJarrett: If you missed the show, “Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication,” it repeats tonight at 11 pm, eastern, on the Fox News Channe…
## 04:01:25
RT @jsolomonReports: Declassifications to continue: White House hints that under new intel chief, more Michael Flynn documents could be rel…
## 03:54:19
RT @GreggJarrett: Don't miss "Witch Hunt: The Flynn Vindication" this Sunday at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel https://t.co/cX7YSyO3Bn
## 18:09:14
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
## 04:07:08
RT @GreggJarrett: Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’ https://t.co/s6NdcD0kXu
## 14:23:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
## 03:56:52
RT @GreggJarrett: Moreover, if Sullivan discussed his thoughts about the case with private counsel, hasn’t he engaged in improper “ex parte…
## 03:59:15
RT @GreggJarrett: Yovanovitch Misleading in ’19 Impeachment Testimony; GOP Requests All Documents on Burisma and Hunter Biden https://t.co/…
## 03:49:37
RT @thehill: Trump blasts California over mail-in voting following Republican lawsuit https://t.co/L6lFXo1woT https://t.co/nkmX4KLETO
## 11:11:53
....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!
## 04:06:42
RT @jsolomonReports: BREAKING: FBI opened Russia probe on third-hand ‘suggestion’ of collusion, declassified memo shows. Former FBI exec sa…
## 14:22:20
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!
## 22:39:56
....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to George’s family and friends. Justice will be served!
## 04:00:46
RT @jsolomonReports: President Trump blasts Twitter after the platform disputed the accuracy of two of his tweets | Just The News https://t…
## 11:11:52
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
## 11:59:01
We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
## 23:52:14
https://t.co/xz1FUpr6p0
## 02:16:28
Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
## 11:38:48
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
## 04:06:08
RT @GreggJarrett: Flynn Attorney: Whole Thing ‘Set Up Within the FBI and in the Oval Office with President Obama https://t.co/sgi2x7ybga
## 23:41:52
https://t.co/cYPjbISml3
