## 13:42:13
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
## 12:19:45
Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals &amp; beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
## 12:31:46
And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy, you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job, and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our Military &amp; our Vets, demands Open Borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy! https://t.co/RunIPCbTyc
## 22:35:30
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
## 02:42:50
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
## 10:38:11
“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides, bad ratings! #OPENJOECOLDCASE
## 14:24:08
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”.  In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
## 22:35:02
A great new book, “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal, and current Texas Congressman @DanCrenshawTX, is now available. A fantastic guy — get your copy today! https://t.co/7EqltABxbe
## 13:36:33
Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts, Rebuilt Military, Choice for Vets, saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 (so far!) Federal Judges, not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!
## 22:08:27
RT @GOPLeader: Despite my call to Speaker Pelosi to establish a clear, safe, and effective plan for reopening the House of Representatives,…
## 02:06:38
https://t.co/cnQ4tKIzVv
