## 22:37:07
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG2020 https://t.co/uWMjL52f5O
## 13:14:21
....badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director (again), has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President, I’d be suing everyone all over the place...
## 20:35:03
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military, Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28!
## 20:15:25
RT @DHS_Wolf: Building a border wall system, at one time, was very bipartisan and nonpolitical. It's only now that some are choosing politi…
## 12:58:27
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &amp; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
## 22:38:40
RT @alx: I’m in tears 😂 https://t.co/xrKWquVQ6Z
## 20:51:54
.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike, Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember, no standing on boxes!
## 22:37:14
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A &amp; more, I would be at 70%. Oh well, what can you do? https://t.co/8TJf1JjLpn
## 20:51:53
What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is “spreading” money all over the place, only to have recipients of his cash payments, many former opponents, happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isn’t that called a payoff? .....
## 15:31:33
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &amp; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
## 04:08:50
RT @NASCARONFOX: Here is the final lap of the Daytona 500 in which Ryan Newman's car was flipped at the line. 

We will continue to keep yo…
## 04:00:49
RT @Jim_Jordan: The “Whistleblower” who started the impeachment sham was biased against the President, worked with Joe Biden, and met with…
## 13:14:22
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
## 04:03:53
RT @NASCAR: https://t.co/euuHYxPHxj
## 20:20:34
The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system, he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in! https://t.co/sSJodorcVr
## 13:14:20
These were Mueller prosecutors, and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier, lying and forging documents to the FISA Court, and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
## 22:25:05
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam, including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
## 15:31:34
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
## 04:11:16
RT @XfinityRacing: You didn't think we were getting through this without the Big One, right? #DAYTONA500 https://t.co/DKyXLKNUky
## 15:29:43
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
## 22:38:14
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/XTZLj8OyhB
## 03:12:01
Praying for Ryan Newman, a great and brave @NASCAR driver! #PrayingForRyan
## 15:29:42
The United States cannot, &amp; will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
## 22:00:10
Mini Mike. No, I would rather run against you!
## 12:58:28
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
## 04:01:47
Thank you Clint! https://t.co/MTYAIiilna
## 14:01:11
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie, AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
