## 04:14:51
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

Russia donated over $145,000,000 to the Clinton Foundation

Hillary Clinton sold 20% America’s Uranium to…
## 04:17:45
Incredible people, great Rally! https://t.co/3i6tgfqrRl
## 04:11:26
RT @KimStrassel: Donald Trump, Mastermind: Liberals detect a devious cover-up plot with Bill Barr. https://t.co/gfbLh8w4ox via @WSJ
## 19:40:44
https://t.co/tOBcudSlcl
## 04:03:05
RT @BuckSexton: Then again, let’s be honest: if you’re Putin, you probably do want to sit across the negotiating table from a guy who honey…
## 04:14:23
RT @seanmdav: What a coincidence that Russia always happens to support whoever the Democrat party elites are trying to destroy at any given…
## 22:54:18
RT @mattgaetz: Zeldin is absolutely correct.

Kash is a Patriot.
## 04:16:01
RT @katrina_wiser: ICE Arrests 2 Illegal Aliens in CA Courthouse, Flouting New State Law 

“Our officers will not have their hands tied by…
## 03:58:38
Good luck Angela! https://t.co/M4KVeGZsqo
## 04:12:49
RT @RealJamesWoods: Cleaning the garlic from the pantry before the vampire party starts... #DemocratsHateAmerica
## 23:55:36
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden &amp; the rest look weak, &amp; no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie, &amp; don’t let them take it away from you!
## 03:54:17
Simply put, he choked! https://t.co/4GeJMvTO2j
## 03:47:39
RT @k_ovfefe2: Here's a "Bernie is Putin's puppet" meme for no particular reason https://t.co/UM2iDYfaPy
## 04:13:53
RT @prayingmedic: San Diego Sheriff's Department is the first to announce its cooperation with ICE.
They will share information about crimi…
## 22:46:32
RT @OsigahK: Disclaimer: 

“I am a proud black Trump supporter. Please do not approach me with your BS when you see me in my Trump attire.…
## 04:02:38
RT @BuckSexton: There is no more obvious and pathetic sign of Democrats’ panic about the upcoming 2020 election than the convenient return…
## 03:55:24
RT @ByronYork: Amusing: First Bloomberg called for Biden, Buttigieg, Klobuchar to quit race. Hey, all you losers, leave it to Mike! Now, Te…
## 04:13:13
RT @Jamierodr14: BAM! 

Trey Gowdy Slams the NYT report claiming Russia is trying to help get President Trump reelected in November. 

This…
## 15:18:17
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada (Which, because of the Economy, Jobs, the Military &amp; Vets, I will win in November), be careful of Russia, Russia, Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
## 03:43:56
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats, using disinformation Hoax number 7, don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged, again, against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
## 04:02:54
RT @BuckSexton: What a coincidence, right before Nevada!

Starting to think the reason Bernie bros are so angry is they realize the Democra…
## 04:15:35
RT @johncardillo: Friend of mine, a JAG lawyer, just made an interesting point about Russia/Sanders,

“Wait, I thought the protocol was to…
## 22:24:19
RT @oliviaintheusa: Outside of a Denny’s restaurant this morning, @SherryMAGA and I had this #VeteranForTrump named Mike come give us a hug…
## 22:21:12
Wow, great foresight! https://t.co/RDmjYT18wz
## 22:30:10
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA! https://t.co/1jdk3AW6fG
## 14:18:33
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful @trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
## 22:47:57
RT @fonzy1984: @RubinReport What about the Hispanic vote? Hispanics might shy away with immigration effecting them as it has effected me bu…
