## 19:50:04
RT @RepDLesko: Looking forward to hearing from President @realdonaldtrump on his ACQUITTAL! https://t.co/v274u6mUXo
## 19:13:57
More Fake News. This was photoshopped, obviously, but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean! https://t.co/t8ptYMCYHf
## 15:03:58
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are all fried!). https://t.co/xQb5ZKWVeT
## 12:39:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: I was very surprised &amp; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s total…
## 14:41:09
....was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words, “OUT”.
## 15:16:46
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!), and my Polls, WAY UP, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races, including North Carolina, Kentucky, Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
## 12:33:24
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Despite nonstop efforts from Democrats and their media lap dogs to destroy Donald Trump and his efforts to rebuild Amer…
## 12:24:02
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: The #DemDebates are really the best TV advertising @realDonaldTrump’s could possibly buy to guarantee re-election. 

Ju…
## 12:32:27
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: On the bright side, he may still be able to take the defense minister position in the Ukraine that he was offered a few…
## 12:26:13
RT @AmericaFirstPAC: Not a single Democrat will openly denounce socialism or a socialist candidate. 

This is the true Democratic Party.

#…
## 23:52:53
RT @kayleighmcenany: Watching this Democrat debate makes me so confident that @TeamTrump &amp; @realDonaldTrump will be celebrating on November…
## 12:24:46
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Apparently Joe Biden thinks shouting his gibberish more loudly than usual will overcome that he had a dismal 4th place…
## 19:33:06
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats try to impeach him, corporate media spends all day attacking him, and all President Trump does is keep on fue…
## 12:18:46
RT @SteveGuest: Chris Christie: Pete Buttigieg was "outright lying about his record,” and when called out he “looked like a deer in the hea…
## 18:43:16
...the worst weeks ever.” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the House a second time), didn’t bring the phony &amp; corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right, just look at the Iowa vote count!
## 19:31:14
RT @Scavino45: “The only victories that matter in Washington are victories that deliver for the AMERICAN PEOPLE!”
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump h…
## 12:23:26
Not good! https://t.co/eC3Xjy2ChX
## 19:48:54
RT @KTAR923: Here's how President Donald Trump thanked @RepAndyBiggsAZ  and @RepDLesko of Arizona. https://t.co/kClBsfalKM
## 23:53:52
RT @kayleighmcenany: .⁦@TeamTrump⁩ is coming to Colorado for an ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ rally! 

Join us on Feb. 20th! ⬇️ https://t.co/7RDISi3PjI
## 12:15:17
RT @DanScavino: WAIT FOT IT....
⚠️This may cause #TDS🤯 https://t.co/ha4u7VpACd
## 12:17:19
RT @GOPChairwoman: While 2020 Democrats talk about helping the African American community, @realDonaldTrump has acted:

*Most funding for B…
## 12:16:04
RT @CLewandowski_: Can’t wait to join @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews. It’s been one hell of a great week for @realDonaldTrump - look for…
## 12:15:08
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer “fried”. Nobody knows who th…
## 12:13:57
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think they should blame RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA again! If they can’t count votes properly, how are they going to run…
## 12:16:24
RT @KatrinaPierson: What did Americans learn from tonight’s #DemDebate? 

Democrats want to beat Trump more than they want to work for the…
## 19:32:27
RT @jdanbishop: Boarding Air Force One ✈️ heading to Charlotte for the NC #OpportunityNOW Summit with @realDonaldTrump @RepMarkMeadows http…
## 14:48:52
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great poll in Iowa, where I just landed for a Big Rally! #KAG2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/4YCo01XYCn
## 19:51:58
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Congrats @Jim_Jordan and @RepMarkMeadows! Proud to serve alongside both of you.
https://t.co/vCovyao6gR
## 23:50:40
RT @parscale: We are not just going for black voters, @realDonaldTrump is delivering results to the community:

✅ School Choice

✅ HBCU Gra…
## 12:31:59
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Reminder: democrats that are now lecturing us on foreign policy vehemently opposed President Trump’s  nomination of @Ri…
## 15:30:33
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. @LeeSmithDC  @IngrahamAngle  @FoxNews So true, although the Dems Hoaxes &amp; Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls, and mine, mightily!
## 23:54:54
RT @parscale: Karma
## 12:16:42
RT @GOPChairwoman: The #DemDebate was emblematic of the Democrats' week: a total disaster, short on ideas to actually help Americans.

@rea…
## 19:40:14
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time! https://t.co/ps0OzMxuE5
## 23:52:14
RT @kayleighmcenany: These Dems are TALKING about what they would do for the black community, but look at what @realDonaldTrump has actuall…
## 12:19:47
RT @VanJones68: Bloomberg has a problem because of what he did with stop-and-frisk. It was a HORROR SHOW to be Black or Latino in New York…
## 12:39:20
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted again…
## 21:08:35
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player (by a wide margin). He gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
## 23:54:40
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: It’s an honor to be in the fight with you dad and I’d do it 1000 times over to make sure that you can keep delivering o…
## 12:31:31
RT @realDonaldTrump: After years building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural com…
## 19:51:24
RT @RepMikeJohnson: In the end, this was a good week at the Capitol. For the first time since Democrats took control of the House last year…
## 23:53:39
RT @GeauxScalise: This Week: @realDonaldTrump was the only winner in Iowa.

Next Week: I'm headed to New Hampshire with @TeamTrump to keep…
## 23:51:29
RT @kayleighmcenany: #DemDebate moderator: What will you do about child poverty?

Elect @realDonaldTrump should be the answer because...

A…
## 22:40:40
RT @RepTedBudd: Thanks for the lift, Mr. President! 

Headed back home to North Carolina with @realDonaldTrump for the Opportunity Now Summ…
## 12:24:04
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Mayor Pete says he can’t answer @davidmuir’s question about whether he would have approved a strike on Soleimani becaus…
## 12:13:16
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/9GEW2VZu5h
## 12:13:37
RT @Jim_Jordan: America is winning!

https://t.co/ikCmaJmdoe
## 03:09:12
https://t.co/gsZyUFlTPJ
## 23:47:11
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal! https://t.co/PBqvDaamoO
## 23:53:25
RT @ScottforFlorida: Looking forward to joining @TeamTrump in New Hampshire next week! 

The message is simple: it’s optimism vs. socialism…
## 12:16:55
RT @DiamondandSilk: Poverty Has Hit The Lowest Level In Two Decades Thanks To @realDonaldTrump.  
#DemDebate  #democraticdebate
## 12:25:09
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Former Obama national security advisor Gen. James Jones praises @RealDonaldTrump decision to strike Iranian terror…
## 19:50:29
RT @RepMikeJohnson: forever https://t.co/4j84PT678R
## 19:32:45
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Congratulations to my friends and colleagues, @Jim_Jordan &amp; @RepMarkMeadows, on their new positions as the Ranking Memb…
## 23:51:57
RT @kayleighmcenany: Make no mistake: the #DemDebate plan for climate change is to eliminate more than 1 million jobs in America by elimina…
## 12:31:19
RT @mattgaetz: Today ⁦@kimguilfoyle⁩ led #MAGA Nation in a massive fundraising effort for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩. 

I don’t want to break the n…
## 12:24:16
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Joe’s lying as usual. #DemDebates
## 23:51:14
RT @FrancisBrennan: "This was a week that clearly wasn't good for the Democratic Party. It was there no good, terrible, rotten week." - CNN…
## 18:43:14
.@RepDebDingell, who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax, said “everybody (Dems) wants to get out of town. This has been, in my whole career, one of...
## 19:48:10
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! @RepDLesko  Love Arizona. https://t.co/6NOWc7stoc
## 12:26:04
RT @RichardGrenell: Now would be a good time to note that NATO is funded by $130 BILLION more today (and $400 BILLION coming by 2024) becau…
## 12:18:16
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: *He Won’t
## 12:29:05
RT @tedcruz: Bizarro World.  Obama DOJ abusing FISA process, creating fraudulent documents to target Trump—Not Scary. Barr saying DON’T abu…
## 19:01:25
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
