## 15:20:28
RT @WhiteHouse: If President @realDonaldTrump had promised an economy this good while he was a candidate, the media would've lost its mind.…
## 15:58:52
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators, and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue! https://t.co/J6rtaZYYxD
## 01:56:59
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
## 15:34:36
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Democrats on stage said they would not have allowed the kind of shady foreign business deals that Joe Biden allowed his s…
## 15:40:13
RT @BlackVoices4DJT: From the NEW YORK TIMES: 

'Black Workers’ Wages Are Finally Rising'

https://t.co/DqexgCYkhd
## 15:35:15
RT @TimMurtaugh: In tonight’s debate, Democrats agreed that they’d all have permitted Qassem Soleimani to continue to walk the Earth.

Not…
## 15:24:46
RT @KatrinaPierson: + 1 🇺🇸 #DemDebate
## 15:21:02
RT @TeamTrump: The National Association of Manufacturers is giving Ivanka Trump an award for supporting manufacturing!

Congrats, @IvankaTr…
## 19:54:48
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
## 17:48:21
“They (Conservatives) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak, and therefore his (Romney’s) judgement is questioned.” @MZHemingway @HowardKurtz @FoxNews
## 15:33:51
RT @TrumpWarRoom: An American family is grieving the loss of a father &amp; husband.

President Trump eliminated the Iranian terrorist who ripp…
## 01:19:05
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator, Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts, sadly, which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
## 16:08:32
RT @DanaSchoonover1: @KimStrassel @steph93065 Romney is covering up his part in corruption in Ukraine. This has nothing to do with truth or…
## 16:12:24
RT @RedPillReport: I don’t know who the heckler is...but he is my hero!  Nadler was rattled! 😂

One of the best things to come from the ele…
## 00:55:20
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with! https://t.co/1Pq0hOrzy2
## 16:07:24
RT @bigleaguepol: @KimStrassel Mitt Romney has stabbed Trump in the back and will join Democrats in their shameful attempt to overturn an e…
## 00:01:43
RT @WhiteHouse: 7 MILLION brand new jobs under President @realDonaldTrump! 💪

More Trump Economy RESULTS: https://t.co/Vp0aWvbot1
## 16:01:24
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: This is what Nancy Pelosi ripped up. A truly shameful move, even for her. https://t.co/I7mNMZn4sj
## 14:34:25
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this, but you will see on November 3rd. https://t.co/IKPmbOyDZ8
## 14:35:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25% down (although their votes are a…
## 15:25:13
RT @GOP: Unemployment is LOW for ALL Americans because of President Trump:

🔥6% African American unemployment—before POTUS, African America…
## 15:38:52
RT @TrumpWarRoom: The economy is BOOMING.

Americans are WINNING.

The latest jobs report proves President @realDonaldTrump's Great America…
## 16:16:52
RT @kin2souls: @KimStrassel Anyone that votes to IMPEACH OUR PRESIDENT over an unconstitutional house IMPEACHMENT better start packing thei…
## 19:09:19
Sabato got it all wrong last time, never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually it’s simple, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/fnzZATqHXz
## 17:52:27
It’s all turning, and fast! MVP Heckler. https://t.co/PiA0ANmjYP
## 04:20:36
The feeling of many about @MittRomney! https://t.co/GZYxwe4FJ3
## 15:36:52
RT @KatrinaPierson: Murdock: Democrats, Trump is giving America the economy you claim to want – Be honest and say thanks. #demdebate https:…
## 15:25:50
RT @AndrewHClark: FACT: The USMCA will support 54,000 jobs in New Hampshire, including 3,500 manufacturing jobs. 

Bernie Sanders still vot…
## 19:56:18
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 14:35:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!), and…
## 15:20:03
RT @GOPChairwoman: This video @realDonaldTrump posted is triggering Pelosi and so many Democrats, it’s definitely worth sharing! 
https://t…
## 15:42:23
This will never get old! https://t.co/u1CzwwIBvE
## 16:04:57
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could, but didn’t want to!
## 15:47:33
RT @henryrodgersdc: 👀
## 15:43:24
This is so true! https://t.co/utms4KMUVk
## 01:19:08
...But, just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak &amp; pathetic Joe Manchin the same (I got the Pension Bill approved, Manchin couldn’t do it), the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt &amp; disgust!
## 15:35:25
RT @RNCResearch: Pete Buttigieg says if he was president, terrorist leader Soleimani would still be alive
https://t.co/xVJmOgtiEV https://t…
## 15:41:07
RT @KatrinaPierson: Hemingway: Impeachment Theater Could Not Have Gone Worse For Democrats. https://t.co/jwU3VkLs0X
## 00:07:31
Great lineup on @FoxNews tonight with @JesseBWatters, @JudgeJeanine and &amp; @greggutfeld. All starts at 8:00 P.M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
## 14:40:00
The Dems are crazed, they will do anything. Honesty &amp; truth don’t matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them! https://t.co/HhhazMKEk3
## 15:31:14
DeFace the Nation will tell @LindseyGrahamSC that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D.C. now, last chance! https://t.co/lKy9u6t7eN
## 15:18:09
I grew up in New York City and, over many years, got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are. Now, because of weak leadership at Governor &amp; Mayor, stand away (water thrown at them) regulations, and lack of support, our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
## 15:59:26
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "The real problem is the Democrats and Nancy are so blinded by hate, hatred of Donald Trump, that they can’t even functio…
## 15:20:17
RT @CLewandowski_: Watch @realDonaldTrump win big in N.H. on Tuesday and see Uncle Joe have a tough night.
## 15:46:15
RT @brithume: Standing ovation for Trump as he’s introduced at the National Prayer Breakfast. Even Nancy Pelosi stands and applauds. Trump…
## 15:23:12
RT @Surabees: Fact Check: Zero Pinocchios
## 19:20:03
.@LarrySabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in, than he is at telling you what is going to happen because, in fact, he doesn’t have a clue! https://t.co/MDqczWxl8C
## 15:50:20
RT @henryrodgersdc: McConnell Rips Democrats Over Iowa Caucus Mishap — 'Can't Even Count Votes'
 https://t.co/XB11sKAVio
## 19:38:41
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back, now that lightweight Senator @DougJones cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss, Cryin’ Chuck, would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
## 19:52:32
FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal. So was the Fake Dossier. THEREFORE, THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS, WAS A FIXED HOAX. WHO PAYS THE PRICE?....
## 15:46:41
RT @henryrodgersdc: Pence (@VP) blasted Pelosi's behavior during Trump's State Of The Union in a sit-down interview with me today. “Not jus…
## 15:36:00
RT @AndrewHClark: Flashback to when Obama-Biden National Security Advisor Gen. James Jones praised the decision to take out dangerous Irani…
## 15:50:33
RT @WhiteHouse: The sham impeachment attempt concocted by Democrats ended in the full vindication and exoneration of President @realDonaldT…
## 15:49:48
RT @MelissaAFrancis: Nancy Pelosi ripped the tribute to this family to shreds. https://t.co/28MJRsRWMp
## 16:08:22
RT @harmks: @KimStrassel https://t.co/S7gwwqWw2K
## 19:52:34
....This is the biggest political crime in American History, by far. SIMPLY PUT, THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION, IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION. IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX. Terrible!
## 00:00:35
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats have only used their House majority to conduct witch hunts and smear @realDonaldTrump.
 
@RepJeffDuncan is rig…
## 15:10:51
RT @Surgeon_General: Enjoyed talking with @SenThomTillis about the intersection of health and national security, as well as how community h…
## 15:59:06
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @IvankaTrump highlights how President @realDonaldTrump’s policies are lifting the lives of everyday Americans…
## 15:51:20
Yes!!!!! https://t.co/9ERa0atGOX
## 16:07:47
RT @bigleaguepol: @KimStrassel Mitt Romney is tied to Hunter Biden’s Burisma corruption.

This is why he’s bent over backwards for the medi…
## 15:26:33
RT @KatrinaPierson: Stanage "The Clouds Are Darkening for the Democratic Party" https://t.co/VzSzuzeNND
