## 04:48:56
Correct! https://t.co/V5Xye7zAcN
## 05:17:07
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie, something they wouldn’t do for @CoryBooker and others. They are doing it to Bernie again, 2016.
## 04:51:56
RT @GOP: 👍👍👍
https://t.co/mXV8JKuqyF
## 04:53:34
RT @GOP: “We are dismantling the criminal organizations that make large-scale human trafficking possible.” -@realDonaldTrump https://t.co/X…
## 04:51:20
RT @GOP: “We’ve known this has been a waste of time and a sham from the beginning, and America is ready to move on. I think they've shown t…
## 04:38:32
RT @SenPatRoberts: I'm proud to have stood with @realDonaldTrump as he signed the USMCA implementing legislation at the @WhiteHouse today.…
## 02:57:52
RT @Lrihendry: I want to remind all the lie filled leftist hypocrites of what happened in 1998 when they were all fine with Democrats block…
## 04:55:39
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The fact is the House chose not to call witnesses like John Bolton because they wanted to impeach President Trump befo…
## 04:33:42
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Reports of Bolton’s book don't answer the question: Why did POTUS ask for an investigation?

The Ukrainian government h…
## 04:37:16
RT @JerryMoran: When I took the oath at the beginning of the trial, I vowed to deliver impartial justice according to the Constitution &amp; th…
## 04:35:46
RT @MikeCrapo: Over the course of 9 days, we have reviewed testimony from 13 witnesses sworn under oath in the House hearings; over 28,000…
## 04:44:46
RT @senatemajldr: A majority of the U.S. Senate has determined that the numerous witnesses and 28,000-plus pages of documents already in ev…
## 04:25:03
Thank you John! https://t.co/5IVTZ2QY3r
## 04:37:08
RT @JerryMoran: It became clear over the course of the House managers’ arguments that the House failed to undertake its responsibility to c…
## 04:43:31
RT @SecAzar: At this time, the risk to Americans remains low, and we are working to keep it that way. We will continue our work to monitor,…
## 04:33:53
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Promise kept!
 
Today, @realDonaldTrump officially signed the historic #USMCA deal into law.
 
This trade deal is a mas…
## 04:54:01
RT @GOP: “[House Democrats] created the record. Do not allow them to penalize the country, and the Constitution, because they failed to do…
## 04:53:10
RT @GOP: “The economy is working for workers, and they know it.”
https://t.co/AIs469gAQE
## 05:10:56
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact, Bloomberg isn’t covering himself (too boring to do), or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! It’s all the Fake News Media, and that’s why nobody believes in them any more.
## 04:53:44
RT @GOP: Today, President @realDonaldTrump reiterated his administration’s commitment to eradicate the scourge of human trafficking at toda…
## 04:52:56
RT @GOP: President @realDonaldTrump has made Historically Black Colleges and Universities a priority.

He's appropriated more money to HBCU…
## 04:18:03
RT @SenTedCruz: Yesterday a majority in the Senate said: “we’re done, we’ve got enough, this is over.”
 
The President is going to be acqui…
## 23:56:15
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 

Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad! https://t.co/Lgjt53B7QX
## 04:54:15
RT @GOP: Before Democrats like Adam Schiff were trying to use John Bolton to advance their political agenda, they were railing against him…
## 05:25:10
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. This is sometimes done, but really not fair!
## 04:52:21
RT @GOP: African Americans have a champion in Pres. Trump!
 
He's created 1.6 MILLION jobs for black Americans since his election.
 
Africa…
## 04:42:09
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck! https://t.co/x0T0GWvntd
## 04:19:06
RT @SenBillCassidy: Nancy Pelosi is accusing the Senate of not being fair because we refused to do her work for her. The truth is the House…
## 04:31:11
RT @JimInhofe: After over 50 hours of testimony, questions and debate, I voted today to move to the next phase of the impeachment process.…
## 04:55:42
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I’m very pleased the Senate has rejected Democrats’ request to call additional witnesses after the House chose not to.…
## 04:28:55
Wall is moving along strong, tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help! https://t.co/1dlC0dZ0ui
## 04:52:45
RT @GOP: “This entire impeachment sham has been a predetermined narrative full of lies and false accusations designed to divide America and…
## 20:17:03
My @SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P.M. on @foxnetworks. Enjoy!
## 04:19:27
RT @FLOTUS: For the first time in 29 years, drug overdose deaths have dropped by 4.1% and life expectancy has increased by 4 years! Proud o…
## 04:58:08
RT @DanScavino: #KeepAmericaGreat2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/GpTygflvgJ
## 04:29:25
RT @JimInhofe: Despite Democrat efforts to distract citizens and stain his presidency with a partisan and unprecedented impeachment process…
## 04:20:09
RT @NewsBowne: Schumer Shot Down By Justice Roberts.
https://t.co/fY9tPt9Jrf https://t.co/Y0iMfnkD4f
## 04:43:45
RT @EliseStefanik: Adam Schiff’s impeachment sham is OVER. 

It was partisan, unconstitutional, unfair, and flawed from the very start. 

F…
## 04:24:16
Happy birthday to a wonderful man &amp; friend! https://t.co/AaqQ6Pvtyw
## 04:56:31
RT @tedcruz: Thx!
## 23:13:16
ENJOY THE GAME USA, OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
## 04:38:20
RT @SenPatRoberts: After hearing the entire case presented, I believe we’ve heard all we need in this impeachment trial. The job of the Sen…
## 02:58:53
RT @ROHLL5: @PlaysTrumpCard @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump @AnthemRespect @bfraser747 @atensnut @CarmineSabia @oUSA_JEDIo @carrieksada @Text88…
## 04:55:33
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This has been a partisan impeachment from Day 1 – terrible on process and dangerous on substance.  

It rings hollow f…
## 04:35:44
RT @MikeCrapo: Read mine and @SenatorRisch full statement: https://t.co/rDqNmVxxl5
## 04:36:20
RT @SenateGOP: Trade with Mexico and Canada supports 12 million American jobs. 

USMCA secures those jobs and grows our economy by $70 bill…
## 04:19:59
RT @JohnCornyn: Senators Schumer, Warren, Van Hollen, and Congressman Schiff each tried to suck the Chief Justice into the vortex of their…
## 04:37:03
RT @JerryMoran: Nevertheless, having heard from both sides, the arguments demonstrate that additional evidence or witnesses would not chang…
## 05:04:56
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax, they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election, &amp; that includes the House &amp; Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
