## 02:39:20
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President &amp; all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC &amp; all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S., &amp; China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
## 03:41:19
“Diagnosis positive: @CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” @trish_regan @FoxNews  Like I say, they are Fake News!
## 03:16:28
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
## 04:37:43
So nice! https://t.co/rnhymmWJu6
## 14:54:51
To the people of South Carolina, Tom Steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. He made money in coal, now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance, a loser for South Carolina, doesn’t deserve your vote!
## 15:18:06
RT @realDonaldTrump: 52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 01:53:59
“Anti-Trump Network @CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
## 06:13:04
“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities.” @FoxNews  In other words, there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States &amp; Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement (ICE). This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 20:28:00
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics, which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
## 15:24:01
Worst Polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the @FoxNews Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
## 21:01:05
Nobody fights harder for Montana than @SteveDaines. Steve is a close friend of mine, a STRONG Conservative, and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, GREAT for our Military &amp; Vets, &amp; will protect your #2A. Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
## 19:31:19
https://t.co/xbuiZAdsR7 https://t.co/dv2txSp3ro
## 19:55:48
RT @BrandonBeckham_: @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 Dr. McCormick @RichforGA, a Medical Doctor &amp; Decorated US Marine @USMC provides a much needed pers…
## 22:24:23
I am pleased to announce the nomination of @RepRatcliffe (Congressman John Ratcliffe) to be Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Would have completed process earlier, but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
## 20:03:18
We strongly stand with Terrence! https://t.co/N4uFExD6Vz
## 19:51:00
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/xbuiZAdsR7
## 15:30:09
“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” @RjHarris15  WHP580
## 20:25:06
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop &amp; Frisk” after swearing by it for years, and even recently. He horribly overused it, &amp; then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
## 05:05:02
So, the Coronavirus, which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world, but very slowly in the U.S. because President Trump closed our border, and ended flights, VERY EARLY, is now being blamed, by the Do Nothing Democrats, to be the fault of “Trump”.
## 05:43:14
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, &amp; anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early BORDER &amp; FLIGHT closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
## 14:46:31
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight, 7:00 P.M., for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
## 22:20:09
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon! #MAGA #KAG https://t.co/cjzElGNyDN
