## 16:04:35
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife, Karen, who I have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside &amp; said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
## 18:30:30
I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits &amp; harrassment, start cleaning itself up, and lowering taxes. Build relationships, but don’t bring Fredo!
## 13:13:09
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence, you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush, but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini! https://t.co/qIef5VhjDr
## 13:00:17
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
## 13:00:34
RT @StateDept: Full video (1/2): Today, Advisor to the President @IvankaTrump delivered remarks at the one-year anniversary of the launch o…
## 14:10:08
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
## 16:04:34
When I terminated John Kelly, which I couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many X’s, he misses the action &amp; just can’t keep his mouth shut,.
## 13:23:07
Mini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
## 12:57:26
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the Roger Stone case, had significant bias. Add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department. @foxandfriends @FoxNews
