## 20:41:01
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the @CarnivalCruise ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy! @MickyArison
## 22:01:09
.@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w/ the WALL, he Loves our Military &amp; Vets, and is Strong on the #2A. Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement! https://t.co/PkOFjOAFX1
## 15:25:17
I was very surprised &amp; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me (Pensions), and that will....
## 21:58:08
“The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement! https://t.co/t1ciRWONff
## 22:30:05
....Today, @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
## 22:31:12
Thank you Arnold, very nice. https://t.co/didAAHILFk
## 13:33:56
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A.G. Barr  This doesn’t mean that I do not have, as President, the legal right to do so, I do, but I have so far chosen not to!
## 23:31:02
RT @realDonaldTrump: I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France…
## 22:40:55
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France family and @RepMichaelWaltz from #FL6. See you there, good luck to everyone! @NASCAR @SenRickScott @marcorubio @GovRonDeSantis https://t.co/e0SUl4GfBm
## 22:16:22
.@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military &amp; Vets, &amp; is Strong on the #2A. Tom has my Complete Endorsement! https://t.co/QRP3IwTx3Z
## 15:20:28
“President Trump, with smart policies, has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
## 23:38:35
Great honor, I think?  Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually, I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
## 23:57:33
Nice! https://t.co/5EVJVAPxjL
## 22:44:23
.@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement! https://t.co/7MWH000IbI
## 15:33:02
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him, and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
## 22:00:27
.@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border w/the WALL, he Loves our Military &amp; Vets, &amp; is Strong on the #2A. Mo has my Complete Endorsement! https://t.co/wQ0euFBwbI
## 03:25:09
RT @DailyCaller: ‘Why Would I Not:’ Chiefs’ Bashaud Breeland Looking Forward To WH Visit After Super Bowl Win https://t.co/0t9bdLQKDn
## 15:26:37
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 15:25:18
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. @SenCapito was all in (a great person). I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer &amp; Pelosi. That’s what he is!
## 14:52:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
