## 11:39:45
Just landed. India was great, trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. @CDCgov, @SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
## 06:58:15
RT @marklevinshow: MSNBC falling in line behind Sanders
https://t.co/vmOVUFfZht
## 18:54:49
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which won’t cover it!
## 02:34:31
52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 07:24:59
RT @CDCgov: There is currently no reported community spread of #COVID19 in the US. People should follow everyday measures to prevent the sp…
## 06:47:58
An absolute disgrace! https://t.co/xwmsyitlMh
## 06:45:10
RT @LouDobbs: Protecting Liberty: @Jim_Jordan says we have the opportunity to make fundamental changes and defend basic freedoms by holding…
## 06:54:29
RT @NextRevFNC: .@KayleighMcEnany: 27% of people who registered to attend Trump rally in Las Vegas, NV were Black and Latino, and 32% didn'…
## 02:29:24
....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. Not fair, but it is what it is. So far, by the way, we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
## 06:46:17
RT @LouDobbs: Constraining the Pandemic: @SecAzar praises @POTUS’ historically aggressive efforts to control the coronavirus in the U.S. #A…
## 07:04:14
RT @TocRadio: in case you were wondering, YES, Trump apparently was watching the #DemDebate on his flight back to Washington, DC from India…
## 19:02:15
Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable. https://t.co/wnABoOQOVe
## 13:24:23
....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean, &amp; undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her, but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who, along with Mini, are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
## 06:49:58
RT @LouDobbs: #LDTPoll Should Congress refuse to re-authorize the FISA courts until the American people can be assured we will never see a…
## 03:14:18
RT @WhiteHouse: THANK YOU, India! 🇺🇸🇮🇳 https://t.co/IkGtp0zpyj
## 06:52:58
RT @kayleighmcenany: “We are a qualified opportunity fund thanks to President @realDonaldTrump.”

“We need 4 more years because we need the…
## 06:54:17
RT @kayleighmcenany: “I’m with a veterans’ group that meets every 2nd Thursday at IHOP &amp; there’s at least 30 veterans there — most of them…
## 18:55:36
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population w…
## 02:29:21
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems, “too soon”, but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do, however, the.....
## 13:35:32
Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which won’t cover it! https://t.co/reWPi2hc4v
## 13:41:24
“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.” @RealCandaceO @MariaBartiromo
## 06:57:43
RT @marklevinshow: Jackson is hyper-political and undermining judicial integrity
https://t.co/NF3OjLuTX0
## 06:49:12
Russia wants him to win! https://t.co/bNUeIsqmQX
## 16:34:26
RT @GOPChairwoman: People are tired of Democrats ripping up @realDonaldTrump’s SOTU, yelling at each other over who is more of a shill for…
## 16:17:52
Eric, I can live with that! https://t.co/TtNdK9pg06
## 07:22:56
RT @realDonaldTrump: CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borde…
## 06:58:26
RT @marklevinshow: Obama appointed Judge Jackson has gone rogue
https://t.co/KKwMHSAZyS
## 06:54:12
RT @NextRevFNC: .@KayleighMcEnany: "You can't beat President Trump who's breaking records  in polling, breaking records in economic satisfa…
## 06:49:26
RT @LouDobbs: Controlling the Pandemic: Dr. Anthony Fauci says travel restrictions from China puts America a step ahead of Coronavirus outb…
## 16:35:08
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats in Congress have obstructed @realDonaldTrump at every turn, but he is delivering on his promise to build the w…
## 19:04:25
RT @SaraCarterDC: Court Rules Trump Admin Can Withhold Federal Grants From Sanctuary Cities https://t.co/QJnYQv8jYX via @SaraCarterDC
## 16:07:42
RT @tonykatz: Check out the press conference on @93wibc at 6pmET
## 16:15:57
Piers, I like you too! https://t.co/pUe09YlrY0
## 18:55:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean, &amp; undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t kn…
## 07:22:50
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a rea…
## 18:55:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) &amp; @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as poss…
## 06:50:35
RT @JennaEllisEsq: Clear winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
## 06:52:41
Thank you! https://t.co/5DNbnbEtyy
## 16:20:43
My two great friends. Proud of you both! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
## 13:24:17
Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
## 18:55:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives, and ot…
## 07:02:34
RT @DailyCaller: Joe Biden Claims A Whopping 150 Million People Have Been Killed By Guns Since 2007 https://t.co/7WXZSS0lC9
## 07:19:49
“U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very, very quickly.” Gordon Chang  @IngrahamAngle
## 13:51:13
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
## 06:53:27
RT @kayleighmcenany: You are the best @TimMurtaugh — a talented communications director &amp; great leader of our team!
## 13:03:21
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) &amp; @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk, no action. USA in great shape! @CDCgov.....
## 13:03:27
I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives, and others, will be there. Thank you!
