## 05:08:56
Great company! https://t.co/Q1NFAHrC3p
## 03:41:58
So Great! https://t.co/5d9CZ0zIIQ
## 01:13:18
RT @CarlHigbie: @realDonaldTrump And all they got is a fraud impeachment. 2020 is gonna rock!!
## 01:01:33
RT @leodunson: @realDonaldTrump The Republican Party my whole life has ignored Black America. This President continues to prove over and ov…
## 01:01:35
RT @RSBNetwork: @realDonaldTrump Promises MADE, Promises KEPT 🇺🇸
## 06:07:03
RT @realDonaldTrump: I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT! 

Text TR…
## 01:12:25
RT @Sensedog: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr. President.
## 05:03:27
RT @TeamTrump: Our SECOND #SuperBowl ad just aired!

America is Stronger, Safer, and More Prosperous thanks to President @realDonaldTrump…
## 03:48:42
RT @AliceMarieFree: Two Super Bowls ago I was sitting in a prison cell.

Today I am a free woman and my story was featured in a Super Bowl…
## 05:09:49
RT @GOPChairwoman: The RNC is building the biggest data infrastructure and ground game in the history of politics to re-elect @realDonaldTr…
## 04:58:02
RT @parscale: The triggered left is doing everything possible to make negative talking points about the @realDonaldTrump #SuperBowl ad abou…
## 05:06:37
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My father @realDonaldTrump promised to restore hope in America. 

That includes EVERYONE!!!

Together, let’s KEEP AMERI…
## 01:01:55
RT @SoCal4Trump: @realDonaldTrump Just saw the ad during the Super Bowl. Awesome ad, Mr. President. Politicians in the past have TALKED abo…
## 01:18:07
RT @IsraelUSAforevr: @realDonaldTrump The best president ever https://t.co/QeXxsp7eDi
## 04:59:09
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are prou…
## 01:14:50
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump You have already done that in so many ways with prison reform, choice for veterans and a booming econom…
## 01:19:07
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump BEST SUPER BOWL AD EVER! 

President Trump making lives better for minorities! 

Unlike Obama, who did noth…
## 05:09:20
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We have a 'Positive Revolution' going on in America! https://t.co/rqLyiu6CpW
## 03:27:02
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
## 05:25:22
Hope you liked this! https://t.co/y1j2Wf6J4p
## 05:05:00
Thank you Mike! https://t.co/iNwuaJ3KVP
## 03:49:33
RT @DavidAFrench: This was a good ad highlighting a very good thing Trump did. @AliceMarieFree is a good friend and a wonderful person.
