## 22:50:50
RT @SenateGOP: ʀᴇᴍɪɴᴅᴇʀ

In killing Soleimani, @realdonaldtrump eliminated a terrorist mastermind who had been responsible for more America…
## 22:52:21
RT @SenateGOP: Our booming economy is drawing Americans off the sidelines and BACK TO WORK at the highest rate in 30 years! 
 
✅ More Jobs…
## 22:44:45
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: Over 60% of Americans feel optimistic about the economy &amp; the future. The economic boom under @POTUS is real. https://t.c…
## 22:51:06
RT @SenateGOP: On the Senate Floor, Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

A Socialist is now the front-runner for the Democrat nomination for preside…
## 22:45:21
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Economic freedom and free markets: Those are the engines of our economy. Socialism is an enemy of our economy. I think…
## 22:40:44
Thank you to @JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one, lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!  @foxandfriends  @FoxNews
## 22:36:28
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS welcomed the President and First Lady of Ecuador to the White House this week! 🇺🇸🇪🇨…
## 22:11:18
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Proof it’s all about emotion to liberals! I’m not a small guy, and she was afraid of my @realDonaldTrump hat! 

Are You…
## 22:21:42
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence at @Citadel1842: President @realDonaldTrump has the backs of our Men &amp; Women in uniform! https://…
## 22:53:01
RT @SenToddYoung: As the latest #jobs report shows – tax relief, regulatory reform, and trade deals like #USMCA are fueling our economy &amp; p…
## 22:43:23
RT @SenateRPC: Almost a month ago, the Senate passed, and @POTUS signed, #USMCA. This agreement brought our country’s trade into the 21st c…
## 12:38:08
RT @PaulSam27131285: THIS IS HILARIOUS
Mayor of Georgetown in the US excused himself to go &amp; use the washroom in the middle of a meeting &amp;…
## 13:04:20
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘When you strike at the King, Emerson famously said, “you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
## 22:21:33
RT @Mike_Pence: President @realDonaldTrump promised the American people that he would bring back jobs and bring back manufacturing. He kept…
## 22:44:35
RT @senatemajldr: In order to politically attack one President they do not like, Washington Democrats proved willing to attack our underlyi…
## 22:52:11
RT @SenJoniErnst: With 225,000 jobs created last month alone, the U.S. economy is continuing to fire on all cylinders! https://t.co/T3q907W…
## 22:21:57
RT @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, more than 90 percent of the regulations that @ShopFloorNAM identified as hur…
## 22:36:03
BIG PROGRESS! https://t.co/DfWA7FRSGQ
## 22:31:22
RT @TeamTrump: From DAY ONE, President @realDonaldTrump fought to give Border Patrol Agents the resources they need.

The results have been…
## 22:44:18
RT @SenateGOP: American workers are WINNING, and the numbers prove it.

See for yourself! 👇 https://t.co/dFQfaMYXQC
## 12:22:31
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/eV9fZxzxgi
## 22:50:29
RT @SenateGOP: This February, we celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth to honor the successes, contributions, and advancements of African Americans…
## 22:13:18
Thank you David! https://t.co/yElxOFxqYu
## 22:44:10
RT @SenateGOP: → Over 7 million new jobs

→ 50-year low unemployment

→ Wages continue to rise

No wonder Democrats are struggling to expla…
## 22:51:26
RT @senatemajldr: #OnThisDay in 1809, Kentucky native Abraham Lincoln was born. Join me in celebrating the life of our 16th president. http…
## 22:38:15
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's USMCA will have a tremendous effect on GDP! https://t.co/y3hQfuj8oy
## 22:50:20
RT @SenRickScott: Florida’s African American community has made everlasting contributions to our state’s past, present and future. 

Togeth…
## 22:53:35
RT @SenatorTimScott: Joined @cvpayne on @FoxBusiness this afternoon to talk about how my Opportunity Zones are working across the nation fo…
## 22:33:44
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump’s policies have kicked America’s economic engine into high gear:
 
Last month marked the 23rd consecut…
## 22:45:09
RT @SenRubioPress: Human trafficking remains an urgent human rights crisis and we must work together to #EndIt for good. Sen. Rubio joins t…
## 22:52:02
RT @SenJohnThune: Thanks to GOP economic policies, more Americans are working, &amp; the economy is thriving. While the larger economy continue…
## 14:39:43
IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure...Lacked Candor (Lied) on four separate occasions...Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests...IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING. @FoxNews @IngrahamAngle
## 13:04:23
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” Peter Baker  @nytimes  The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
## 22:35:26
Remember, will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
## 22:30:49
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall, but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible! https://t.co/VMioZcRPfj
## 22:45:32
RT @SenateGOP: While Democrats fumble around, a BLUE-COLLAR BOOM continues!

WATCH: https://t.co/33YErQvDPw
## 22:53:23
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Democrats spent years saying “when it comes to Iran, we should never take the military option off the table.”

But…
## 22:43:49
RT @ChuckGrassley: The Senate is back to wrk for the American ppl This wk 4 district court judges nominated by @realDonaldTrump were confir…
## 22:22:14
RT @GOPChairwoman: I couldn’t agree more @LaraLeaTrump!
 
Socialist Democrats can’t compete with @realDonaldTrump’s “incredible track recor…
## 22:52:51
RT @SenJohnThune: While Dems continue to peddle their socialist fantasies, GOP economic policies have made life better for Americans.

And…
## 22:31:43
RT @TeamTrump: Not one more life should be stolen by a Sanctuary City.

President @realDonaldTrump is calling on Congress to give American…
## 22:51:37
RT @SenateGOP: Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

60% of Americans say they are financially better off now than they were a year ago.

And over 70…
## 22:37:27
RT @ericbolling: Early on in 2015.. I saw something in  @realDonaldTrump and I predicted his win.

Some are trying to do the same thing...…
## 22:34:09
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats have tried to obstruct at every turn, @realDonaldTrump has nominated, and the Senate has confirmed 192 A…
## 22:32:47
RT @WhiteHouse: From day one, President @realDonaldTrump has fought to give our Border Patrol the resources they need. 

The results have b…
