## 13:14:30
Congratulations to @loudobbs, Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President”  fairly &amp; objectively! #MAGA #KAG https://t.co/68b0vPvmNd
## 14:04:51
RT @Rita_Katz: 5)As I said yesterday, all but confirmed that #AQAP leader Qassim al-Rimi was killed in a U.S. drone strike. AQAP, although…
## 00:13:54
No matter what you give to the Democrats, in the end, they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House, they gave us NOTHING!
## 16:14:02
Getting a little exercise this morning! https://t.co/fyAAcbhbgk
## 21:45:46
RT @Lrihendry: Fascinating paradox: the more President Trump gets investigated, the more crimes are exposed involving prominent Democrats.
## 14:05:09
RT @Rita_Katz: 6)Of all living #AlQaeda leaders, al-Rimi was the most compelling, known for his charisma &amp; beloved across the AQ community.…
## 21:47:17
RT @PlaysTrumpCard: @realDonaldTrump We support you because we know your heart is in the right place, and greatly appreciate what an incred…
## 14:04:05
RT @Rita_Katz: 4)If true, and it seems to be, the dead of al-Rimi would mark a major blow to #AlQaeda on the whole. Al-Rimi was a candidate…
## 14:03:58
RT @Rita_Katz: 3)Breaking: It appears that Qasim al-Rimi, leader of the Yemen-based #AQAP, was the individual targeted &amp; killed in a U.S. d…
## 13:42:32
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies (which the Fake News never mentions) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth”. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN! https://t.co/L14hDtx6cT
## 21:48:23
RT @IamAllOutOfGum: @Lrihendry @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump @AnthemRespect @bfraser747 @ROHLL5 @atensnut @CarmineSabia @oUSA_JEDIo @car…
## 21:49:18
RT @Lrihendry: WOW! Mr President, this woman, Lynn, has never voted in her entire life until she was 59 years old. At the time she voted fo…
## 14:05:19
RT @SeanDNaylor: U.S. killed a top al-Qaeda leader in Yemen, reports say https://t.co/MVV9dTl721 via @Yahoo
