## 15:42:44
Highest Stock Market In History, By Far!
## 00:13:03
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends! https://t.co/IJu93xjiQS
## 14:36:19
RT @TomFitton: President @realDonaldTrump has a positive constitutional obligation to speak up about DOJ corruption. https://t.co/FMTTT7CsJP
## 14:28:35
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The more drained out the swamp gets, the more the swamp creatures act out in protest.
## 14:25:44
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Angry is a big time understatement. Pelosi, Schiff, and Nadler should be stripped of their gavels and the Dems should be…
## 14:32:45
RT @TomFitton: FISA Fraud of Historic Proportions And DOJ is Complaining About @realDonaldTrump's Tweets? Remarkable.
## 23:58:27
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump Delivers Remarks on Water Accessibility https://t.co/pQz0zuDqoj
## 17:46:02
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to @LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on! @FoxNews
## 14:34:09
RT @TomFitton: Meanwhile, Obama gang interfered in Russia election interference investigation to protect Obama's emails while crookedly spy…
## 14:28:16
RT @RepMarkMeadows: A brazen attempt at gaslighting from the media here.

We have a long documented trail and an IG report showing high lev…
## 15:51:35
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country, and wish him well in his future endeavors! https://t.co/kPA1rYCKvp
## 14:47:18
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch doing the heavy lifting exposing the worst corruption scandal in American history.
## 14:45:38
Kerry &amp; Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly! https://t.co/RpTW9c09ZY
## 14:54:43
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is, that he doesn’t respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
## 14:34:36
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: "[The Deep State] is concerned that AG Barr might do the right thing and they are desperate to do everythin…
## 14:46:53
RT @TomFitton: Speaking of the Logan Act....
## 18:25:53
RT @USMC: Today marks 75 years since the Marine Corps launched an amphibious assault onto the island of Iwo Jima, beginning one of the bloo…
## 16:20:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Ve…
## 14:26:06
RT @RepLeeZeldin: “When law ends, tyranny begins.”

The Trump-Russia collusion hoax was rigged w/gross misconduct!

The targeting of AG Bar…
## 16:18:03
RT @Bhuvanbagga: The world's newest &amp; biggest #cricket stadium -- also the venue of joint Modi-Trump visit in western #India's Gujarat stat…
## 14:47:44
RT @seanmdav: You all but accused Michael Flynn of treason for talking to world leaders on behalf of the incoming president.

And now you w…
## 14:35:00
RT @TomFitton: Over 11 years ago, FBI interviewed Barack Obama about sale of his Senate seat. There's a  FBI "302" report of interview.

Ra…
## 16:17:48
RT @WIONews: #NamasteTrump | A 22-kilometre long roadshow is planned in Ahmedabad to welcome the United States President @realDonaldTrump o…
## 17:10:06
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again, just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd, just like the Fake News is corrupt!
## 23:58:28
Heading to Arizona, big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
## 14:33:01
RT @TomFitton: The coup cabal is worried about Barr:... https://t.co/8Fht75xPFu
## 14:36:35
RT @TomFitton: Barr should clean house at DOJ...@realDonalldTrump,was the victim of a seditious conspiracy out of DOJ/FBI, etc. President T…
## 16:14:18
RT @ANI: #WATCH US President Donald Trump in Washington on his visit to India: I happen to like PM Modi a lot. He told me we will have 7 mi…
## 16:17:55
RT @IndiaToday: Here's all that you need to know about US President Donald Trump's visit to India.
#ITVideo 
More videos: https://t.co/wMGG…
## 14:23:56
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President, or our Country, again! https://t.co/5epW4JPYkF
## 14:28:22
RT @RepMarkMeadows: The FBI lied to the FISA Court 17 times, using knowingly false info in FISA applications, concealed exonerating evidenc…
## 14:35:40
RT @TomFitton: Breaking: @realDonaldTrump is the President. 

Reagan ordered halt of a criminal grand jury investigation against British Ai…
## 22:30:06
RT @kevinomccarthy: Can’t wait to be home. See you soon Bakersfield! #KAG2020 🇺🇸 https://t.co/3t7kc9HHW9
