## 04:28:12
RT @JuddPDeere45: .@RichardGrenell is my friend and a tremendous public servant. His appointment by @realDonaldTrump is historic, making hi…
## 16:05:25
RT @JimInhofe: Happy 79th birthday to @USCGReserve! For 79 years, the #USCGR has protected the homeland and kept our ports safe. Thank you…
## 15:01:54
RT @DanScavino: ⚠️#TDSWarning🤯

“When he was done remodeling he put one Trump flag in the window....and he got a letter from somebody that…
## 15:51:39
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
## 22:26:10
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, &amp; every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy &amp; enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties &amp; political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA! https://t.co/KeSW3yR4Mq
## 16:02:53
RT @McConnellPress: At @senatemajldr’s request, the Trump Administration deployed the advanced Unified Method using electronic technology t…
## 15:04:38
RT @DanScavino: “I’m a BIG FAN of @realDonaldTrump.” @MikeBloomberg🤗 https://t.co/mD4giyC1tg
## 16:05:52
RT @RoyBlunt: ▶️ Unemployment is at a nearly 50-year low
▶️ Consumer confidence is soaring
▶️ Americans are entering, and succeeding, in th…
## 15:24:28
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA, MEXICO, CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN, THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
## 15:04:34
RT @DanScavino: “I know @realDonaldTrump, he’s a GREAT GUY.” @MikeBloomberg👏 https://t.co/EBVrig52ne
## 15:42:52
RT @RFERL: A week-long "reduction in violence" between the Taliban and U.S. and Afghan security forces will begin at midnight local time. h…
## 06:20:02
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.” @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @FoxNews
## 17:34:10
So @TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on @foxnews with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
## 16:06:40
RT @SenBillCassidy: January #JobsReport:

✅225,000 new jobs added
✅50-year record low unemployment at 3.6%
✅More than 7 million jobs create…
## 22:15:18
THANK YOU Las Vegas, Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love, with proud, hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats, and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide! #KAG2020 
https://t.co/tCxQIDICAH
## 15:38:47
RT @SecPompeo: After decades of conflict, we have come to an understanding with the Taliban on a significant reduction in violence across #…
## 15:03:36
RT @DanScavino: .@MikeBloomberg is paying millions of $ for social media influencers and shitty memes while @realDonaldTrump is paying zero…
## 15:41:27
RT @SecKermani: The week long "Reduction in Violence" agreed between US-Taliban negotiators will begin at midnight tonight Afghan officials…
## 06:16:27
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you, will be back soon!
## 16:06:10
RT @JohnBoozman: Our servicemembers stand ready to defend our interests each day. Meeting w/military leaders on the ground allows us to see…
## 02:19:49
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight, beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains, with thousands of terrific, hardworking American Patriots. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems, and we are going to WIN Colorado! https://t.co/uagWRzFlBs
## 02:15:37
RT @TeamTrump: LIVE: President Trump in Colorado Springs, CO #TrumpRallyCO

Text TRUMP to 88022 https://t.co/pmHmSTUftl
## 16:06:20
RT @SteveDaines: Obama sure didn’t build this economy... @realDonaldTrump cut taxes, cut regulations and the economy boomed! https://t.co/T…
## 19:23:31
ON MY WAY! #KAG2020🇺🇸
https://t.co/oubu6tCG4m
## 15:40:57
RT @LucasFoxNews: Sr. State Dept. official: The “reduction in violence” will start tonight Afghanistan time and if properly implemented the…
## 15:39:14
RT @statedeptspox: .@SecPompeo announced that the U.S. reached an understanding with the Taliban on a significant, nationwide reduction in…
## 15:47:26
Great! https://t.co/eDf8ltInmH
## 16:00:43
RT @senatemajldr: Individuals trapped in a cycle of addiction often need assistance to find living &amp; employment, which are vital to their l…
## 16:19:00
@SenateGOP Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER! Thank you!
## 03:51:19
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany, @RichardGrenell, for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
## 15:36:48
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
## 16:00:21
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast! https://t.co/ksJRH2UzlE
## 16:04:14
RT @SenateGOP: American workers from ALL backgrounds are WINNING in our strong, healthy and growing economy!
 
As we continue to honor #Bla…
