## 12:43:22
RT @GOPChairwoman: We truly have the best volunteers.

Our grassroots army made a stunning 1.5 MILLION phone calls on Saturday alone.

In a…
## 12:24:23
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: WHO Spread False Chinese Government Propaganda: Coronavirus Not Contagious Among Humans  https://t.co/Wf0NpA9o7t
## 11:53:55
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
## 12:24:32
RT @TomFitton: Surprise!  Destruction of the economy leads to less traffic and pollution.
## 12:32:55
RT @RandPaul: Senator Rand Paul has tested positive for COVID-19. He is feeling fine and is in quarantine. He is asymptomatic and was teste…
## 00:38:19
RT @Mike_Pence: Thank you to the American people who are responding to President @realDonaldTrump’s 15 Days to Slow the Spread Guidelines a…
## 12:47:09
RT @SecGeneScalia: .@POTUS signed the bipartisan Families First Coronavirus Response Act last night to support Americans affected by COVID-…
## 00:37:47
RT @Scavino45: “As long as I am your president, you can feel confident that you have a leader who will always fight for you...and I will no…
## 00:38:14
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "We're enduring a great national trial, and we will prove that we can meet the moment ... No Am…
## 12:41:52
RT @TrumpWarRoom: ⚠️ THREAD: President @realDonaldTrump took decisive action from the beginning to protect Americans from the Chinese coron…
## 00:38:25
RT @WhiteHouse: .@FEMA_Pete: FEMA is providing critical support to the Coronavirus response efforts of state, local, and tribal governments…
## 12:25:07
RT @thebradfordfile: NEVER FORGET -- 

While Joe Biden was giving Hunter a ride to China on Air Force Two to close a $1.5 billion deal with…
## 11:59:50
Robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you! https://t.co/4UfMaCmkg5
## 13:07:55
STRONG &amp; UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
https://t.co/T6UCyaPRIy
## 14:16:00
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
## 15:06:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS T…
## 16:05:53
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places! #COVIDー19 https://t.co/4F4Qk4WFtK
## 00:38:30
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump gave an update on the medical equipment and supplies being moved from our federal stockpile to t…
## 12:30:55
RT @jasonrantz: Sen. Mitch McConnell is losing patience with Democrats (and Pelosi!) on the CARES Act, blaming them for "fiddling with the…
## 11:57:24
RT @TomFitton: @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Governors and local officials should let people out of their homes before they let criminals out o…
## 12:00:43
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump Thank you President Trump!
## 12:01:44
RT @FedupMil: Flatten the curve NOT the Economy
## 12:19:54
RT @ChuckCallesto: @realDonaldTrump They should take a SERIOUS LOOK at this... 👇🏻

https://t.co/WMIg9TInLS
## 21:31:19
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus....
## 12:29:06
RT @thebradfordfile: ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. 

It's never been more clear...
## 12:32:07
RT @thebradfordfile: When Joe Biden eventually comes out of hiding, he needs to start answering questions about the deals that enriched his…
## 12:02:54
RT @TomiLahren: So we are all basically on house arrest but they are letting the prisoners out? Sounds like a brilliant idea.
## 12:15:06
RT @steph93065: @realDonaldTrump Correct. 15 days, then we keep the high risk groups protected as necessary and the rest of us go back to w…
## 12:22:09
RT @RealJamesWoods: We are in the middle of an international pandemic and the Democrats’ lead candidate has literally disappeared from the…
## 12:00:39
RT @SexCounseling: @realDonaldTrump The fear of the virus cannot collapse our economy that President Trump has built up.  

We The People a…
## 12:26:37
RT @thebradfordfile: President Trump and NY Governor Cuomo are demonstrating to the nation how to work together--and leave the politics asi…
## 12:46:57
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you @WalmartInc for taking extraordinary measures to support American workers. You are a shining example of American…
## 21:31:20
....is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
## 12:41:01
RT @KamVTV: MSNBC at Coronavirus presser: You were not prepared in beginning of outbreak of virus. 

Trump: In the beginning when I halted…
## 12:01:00
RT @FedupMil: @Lrihendry @realDonaldTrump 15 days. Then we isolate the high risk groups and the rest of us get back to work before it’s all…
## 22:11:48
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/Ciwe6T4Dr2
## 14:28:42
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse &amp; worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake &amp; Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
## 03:28:00
I watch and listen to the Fake News, CNN, MSDNC, ABC, NBC, CBS, some of FOX (desperately &amp; foolishly pleading to be politically correct), the @nytimes, &amp; the @washingtonpost, and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves?
## 01:20:08
My friend (always there when I’ve needed him!), Senator @RandPaul, was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
## 03:50:20
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
## 13:02:30
https://t.co/AU2HE5cTTo
## 12:32:31
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Chinese communist regime still claims only a couple of hundred people died in Tiananmen Square massacre. Why would any…
