## 18:33:07
RT @SECNAV: Today #USNSMercy arrived @PortofLA to serve as a referral hospital for patients not infected with #COVID19 - handling overflow…
## 15:16:07
As usual with “this” General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
## 20:32:53
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
## 16:16:24
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed! https://t.co/vCVNMUeY2h
## 17:51:36
RT @WhiteHouse: Huge thanks to @Apple! Together with the White House, @CDCgov &amp; @fema, Apple launched a COVID19 screening tool that guides…
## 20:34:03
I just signed the CARES Act, the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families, workers, and businesses. #CARESAct🇺🇸 https://t.co/0WnTNFZPZD
## 05:19:02
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much &amp; has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
## 14:13:05
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician @RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry, we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
## 19:57:36
Thank you to Rachel @Maddow for putting our Military on full display, and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also, a special thanks to General Semonite, a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder! https://t.co/JRQlNpLbxv
## 14:29:04
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News @washingtonpost, add 10 points! https://t.co/H5kBKNukT5
## 13:44:50
...&amp; costly. Workers &amp; small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
## 15:31:33
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
## 15:23:53
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and START MAKING VENTILATORS, NOW!!!!!!  FORD, GET GOING ON VENTILATORS, FAST!!!!!!  @GeneralMotors  @Ford
## 13:44:49
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named @RepThomasMassie, a Congressman from, unfortunately, a truly GREAT State, Kentucky, wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He can’t stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous......
## 21:13:10
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN! #CARESAct https://t.co/zb2PJTldGQ
## 20:39:16
RT @SenateGOP: 🚨 Help is on the way. 🚨

President @realdonaldtrump just SIGNED the Coronavirus Aid, Relief &amp; Economic Security Act into law…
## 15:29:32
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
## 15:50:15
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
## 15:45:21
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
