## 10:53:58
I will totally protect your Medicare &amp; Social Security!
## 03:38:49
RT @NIMHgov: Feelings of anxiety and uncertainty are completely normal during times like this. If you need support coping with the events o…
## 15:45:55
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe! https://t.co/BlV0E4r5IB
## 21:37:22
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
## 03:37:27
RT @TIME: Officials said the president has authority to take such action during pandemics like the coronavirus outbreak https://t.co/F1hL6U…
## 16:08:19
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/3WQV4egsWc
## 03:34:47
RT @AjitPaiFCC: In wake of #Covid_19 outbreak, telework, remote learning, and telehealth are key. We must ensure that Americans don't lose…
## 20:49:33
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
## 03:38:30
RT @NIH: Thanks for your support following the launch of an investigational vaccine for #COVID19. We are proud of our hardworking #NIH comm…
## 11:12:49
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
## 03:40:19
RT @NIH: Launched in record speed, #NIH started enrollment for a Phase 1 #clinicaltrial of an investigational vaccine for #COVID19 for heal…
## 03:36:14
RT @WhiteHouse: A message from @Surgeon_General to millennials: https://t.co/L3407PXmDb
## 03:37:56
RT @NIH: #COVID19 is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation. Learn about the basics like symptoms &amp; what to do if you are sick; and see th…
## 03:39:04
RT @NIH: News: New #coronavirus stable for hours on surfaces https://t.co/TUrmn50ZSn #COVID19
## 18:40:10
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD! https://t.co/ytgBP3hJv1
## 13:29:58
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 53% overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake &amp; Corrupt News, day and night. “Russia, Russia, Russia”, then “the Ukraine Scam (where’s the Whistleblower?)”, the “Impeachment Hoax”, and more, more, more....
## 21:48:42
STRONG &amp; UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! https://t.co/T6UCyaPRIy
## 11:46:33
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful &amp; false!
## 13:16:07
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGA/KAG
## 03:40:53
RT @CDCgov: Everyone can help prevent the spread of #COVID19. Call your doctor if you develop symptoms, have been in close contact with a p…
## 03:36:21
RT @CDCgov: Practice social distancing by putting space between yourself and others. Continue to practice healthy habits, like washing your…
## 03:39:20
RT @SteveFDA: Today, FDA took two additional significant diagnostic actions during the #COVID19 outbreak by issuing two Emergency Use Autho…
## 03:39:42
RT @NIHDirector: As part of the #NIH response to #COVID19, NIH’s @nlm_news is working with @WHOSTP and others to make #coronavirus-related…
## 19:14:46
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
## 13:37:46
We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
## 18:41:02
RT @CDCgov: If you get sick, remember: #Antibiotics do NOT work on viruses, like those that cause #colds or #flu. Talk to your doctor about…
## 20:50:43
Thank you @HerschelWalker! https://t.co/qBXOa4eJzY
## 03:40:33
RT @NIHDirector: #NIH has today launched a Phase 1 #clinicaltrial evaluating a vaccine candidate for #coronavirus #COVID19. This trial is e…
## 03:39:55
RT @nlm_news: The National Library of Medicine at #NIH is proud to be working with @WHOSTP and others to make #coronavirus-related data ava…
## 13:30:02
....Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48% to 42%.
## 10:41:14
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
## 03:36:07
RT @WhiteHouse: What is social distancing—and why are we doing it?

Dr. Anthony Fauci, Dr. Deborah Birx, and @Surgeon_General Jerome Adams…
