## 10:14:36
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
## 04:23:51
RT @TiffanyATrump: We must all do our part to #SlowTheSpread! #TogetherApart #SocialDistancing #StayAtHome #WorkFromHome #StopTheSpread #Fl…
## 02:44:48
This is the way the @nytimes finished a story on me. “You can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that VP Biden (Sleepy Joe) has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. (not Pres.) Trump has shown....
## 11:11:41
RT @miblogestublog: Dr. Fauci is all of us 🤦🏼‍♂️ https://t.co/WTShJUchsr
## 03:52:59
RT @benshapiro: Blaming Trump for someone ingesting fish tank cleaner is a new level of Trump Derangement Syndrome.
## 03:43:45
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
## 02:28:53
RT @ReaganBattalion: Here is what @SenSchumer and @SpeakerPelosi are blocking:

$1,200-PP, $2,400-Couple, $500-Child
$250 Billion-Unemploym…
## 11:42:02
RT @NanHayworth: Hey @TheDemocrats, what does the Kennedy Center have to do with COVID-19?

Asking for 327 million friends
## 10:58:35
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace! https://t.co/4xMeHJKxuk
## 14:16:34
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively &amp; lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
## 04:30:34
RT @KatrinaPierson: Trump Derangement Syndrome. Just a guess.
## 04:26:47
RT @IngrahamAngle: "I’ll work with anybody to help the American people and the American worker — I don’t care who it is." -- Donald Trump,…
## 03:33:07
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders &amp; Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
## 21:42:37
RT @USNavy: Underway - Steaming to Assist!
#USNSMercy departs Naval Base San Diego in support of the nation's #COVID19 response efforts. 
R…
## 19:50:00
https://t.co/ytgBP3hJv1
## 11:32:35
Thank you Kirstie! https://t.co/EHQHglKDCN
## 10:38:49
RT @RealJamesWoods: Voter fraud by Democrats is the second most dangerous thing to happen to America since this virus.
## 11:34:41
RT @Kristal2768: @kirstiealley @realDonaldTrump Love you Kirstie, don't be afraid to speak your mind!! @POTUS has done an a amazing job pro…
## 04:16:29
This will never be approved by me, or any other Republican! https://t.co/jWcGaS2QZC
## 11:40:55
RT @NikkiBAEley: When Nancy Pelosi receives a bill that will expedite relief to American workers but doesn't fund the Kennedy Center: https…
## 19:08:11
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
## 21:42:29
RT @USNavy: USNS Mercy is underway.

Check out this infographic to learn about the capabilities of #USNavy Hospital Ships, #USNSComfort and…
## 12:04:25
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
## 00:24:59
https://t.co/w36LLghHiA
## 19:31:27
https://t.co/mDc66ML7rF
## 03:56:28
RT @SheerLevity: @bdomenech People are dying and the dems do this. It's literally the definition of evil. We've never seen a crisis like th…
## 11:06:14
RT @GrahamLedger: R. E. S. P. E. C. T. LOL. #QuaratineLife
## 12:00:33
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
## 04:29:07
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump just signed an EO to prevent hoarding &amp; price gouging of supplies needed in our war against the #C…
## 02:30:04
RT @JudiciaryGOP: A climate change study on aviation to combat #COVIDー19? Is this a joke, @SpeakerPelosi?  

How does that help average Ame…
## 19:34:56
RT @WhiteHouse: Small businesses power our economy—and President Trump won't let them weather this alone. https://t.co/8pcLgtTxfs
## 12:45:18
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
## 10:48:30
RT @RealJamesWoods: Dr. Birx is a sober, professional thinker and analyst. I feel confident having her as an essential part of our team.
## 10:48:15
Thank you Tony! https://t.co/U5XxzeQzXJ
## 21:44:04
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/wSJapMcrkl
## 02:44:49
....us since the beginning of this crisis.” They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China (and Europe) very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic”, but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
## 04:26:12
RT @markknoller: Pres signed two broadband bills today:
-requires Pres to ensure security of 5G and subsequent generation cell phone techno…
## 11:19:27
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews! @OANN https://t.co/i43jDiSg1P
## 04:10:05
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Our experience suggests that hydroxychloroquine should be a first-line treatment for Covid-19. We can use it to save l…
## 11:01:03
RT @AnnCoulter: "the chance of dying is ... about 0.45 percent – very far from the World Health Organization’s [global mortality] figure of…
## 16:04:37
Will be doing a Town Hall on @FoxNews at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
## 04:27:32
RT @GOPChairwoman: A message for Schumer &amp; Pelosi:

"This should not be a time for political agendas, but rather one for focusing solely an…
## 10:51:45
The Media is hopeless. Too bad! https://t.co/VYXUbdO7Ms
## 11:43:49
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book! https://t.co/fG7YXOCk9R
## 04:31:33
RT @BreitbartNews: Every American needs to see Joe Biden's latest brain freeze. https://t.co/CfrrHRElfy
