## 04:30:12
RT @SenCapito: My full statement on today's vote: https://t.co/nxIc55Fgtx
## 18:39:08
RT @WhiteHouse: .@SecPompeo announces that the United States and Mexico have agreed to restrict non-essential travel across the U.S.-Mexico…
## 04:39:21
RT @SenateGOP: “Republicans and Democrats are coming together”

More from @SenToddYoung 👇🏻

 https://t.co/UXQ5MNP29W
## 04:38:36
RT @SenateGOP: What is social distancing and why does it matter?

More from @SenCapito 👇🏻

 https://t.co/qyAXulQypc
## 04:25:04
RT @SenJohnThune: We're all hearing a lot in the news, on social media, and in conversations about "social distancing." Here’s a good expla…
## 04:26:13
RT @JohnBoozman: I'm pleased the Senate took this step to provide relief and support to America's workers &amp; families in the form of free vi…
## 04:27:14
RT @SenateGOP: 📍IOWA

"It is really important that we are all working together to come up with solutions for the American people."

"We're…
## 04:42:07
RT @SenCoryGardner: We need to provide real relief to American workers who have been impacted by #COVID19, and we need to do it right now.…
## 04:44:27
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: People are facing challenges all across the country. I sat down with @ShannonBream tonight to discuss how Congress is…
## 04:37:18
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1%, and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse @SteveDaines! https://t.co/x8yD7bRTgN
## 18:39:04
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's early, decisive travel restrictions slowed the Coronavirus' spread to our shores—and we are do…
## 04:29:32
RT @SenatorFischer: The purpose of the federal government is to provide a national response during a national emergency. That is why I vote…
## 04:22:51
RT @SenateGOP: ✓ SIGNED by @realDonaldTrump

The Families First Coronavirus Response Act is now law.
## 04:38:28
RT @SenateGOP: "In the fight against the coronavirus, the Trump administration is not just taking a whole of government approach, but a who…
## 04:41:00
A Great Guy! https://t.co/L3sjMW9Inw
## 04:39:12
RT @SenatorRisch: 🚨Attention Idaho small business owners🚨 If your business has been disrupted or impacted by coronavirus, fill out a form w…
## 04:21:48
RT @USNavy: Doing our part as only the U.S. Navy can. #NavyReadiness #NavyCapability 

#USNavy Hospital Ships #USNSMercy and #USNSComfort,…
## 04:27:34
RT @GrassleyPress: BREAKING → The Families First Coronavirus Response Act is heading to President @realDonaldTrump’s desk. https://t.co/po6…
## 04:42:27
RT @senatemajldr: It is my intention that the Senate will not adjourn until we have passed significant and bold new steps, above and beyond…
## 04:19:21
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans want to put cash in the hands of the American people to help during this uniquely uncertain time. No t…
## 04:24:35
RT @SenateGOP: "We're asking everybody to show a little bit of kindness."

On the ground in Iowa, @SenJoniErnst is working to fight coronav…
## 04:37:36
RT @SenCoryGardner: A huge part of Colorado’s economy relies on restaurants and hospitality. I’m working to help Congress recognize how the…
## 04:39:02
RT @SenJoniErnst: Earlier today, I spoke with other members of @SmallBizCmte about the next steps we’re going to take to ensure our local e…
## 04:29:21
RT @NBCNews: JUST IN: US Senate passes coronavirus relief bill that would provide for free coronavirus testing, paid family and sick leave,…
## 04:46:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who neve…
## 23:01:31
RT @SecretarySonny: To the heroes in the U.S. food supply chain, we salute you. https://t.co/3wIUuNtUpb
## 04:41:49
RT @marcorubio: Made good progress on getting 💰 into the hands of small businesses so they don’t have to lay off their workers.

Senate isn…
## 04:18:51
RT @senatemajldr: The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, &amp; Economic Security Act proposes bold action on four urgent priorities:

1. Direct financial…
## 04:43:10
RT @SenHydeSmith: #Telehealth is a valuable tool to provide care &amp; protect people in this #COVID19pandemic. Pleased @realdonaldtrump &amp; task…
## 04:22:38
RT @SenJohnThune: Many small biz, who only a few weeks ago were having one of their best years ever, are now struggling to keep their doors…
## 04:26:03
RT @SenJohnHoeven: We look forward to this bill being signed into law, &amp; we will continue working on the future phases of our nation’s resp…
## 04:30:54
RT @SenBillCassidy: We must stop the spread of #coronavirus. 

I support social distancing measures taken on the federal, state and local l…
## 04:28:24
RT @SenBillCassidy: The economic problems caused by this virus have never been seen before. This package is to help individuals, families a…
## 04:29:51
RT @SenKevinCramer: Negotiated by @POTUS and House Democrats, this bill gives immediate and vital relief for American workers and small bus…
## 04:23:52
RT @SenMcSallyAZ: 🚨 Arizona, you can save lives during this crisis! Stay home, wash your hands, and stay informed by visiting https://t.co/…
## 04:24:44
RT @Scavino45: Last night in the Oval Office, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump signed into law: H.R. 6201, the “Families First Coronavirus Response…
## 04:43:32
RT @SenShelby: The Senate remains in session this week working to pass monumental legislation to combat the Coronavirus &amp; help the American…
## 04:30:03
RT @SenThomTillis: I'm proud the Senate set partisan differences aside and worked together to pass bipartisan solutions to help slow the sp…
## 04:38:52
RT @MarshaBlackburn: ICYMI: This afternoon, I held a Facebook town hall to discuss our response to the coronavirus. https://t.co/K3H2fP2xCz
## 15:50:53
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/km5CdvLvGG
## 22:46:02
RT @SecretService: "Stay safe, stay healthy, and take care of each other." - Director James Murray thanks all those who are continuing to w…
## 04:22:30
RT @GrassleyPress: By working together and doing our part, our country will get through #COVID19.

+ Keep your distance from others
+ Work…
## 04:19:32
RT @senatemajldr: We are crafting a major plan to help small business survive this crisis and help workers continue to get paid. A rapid in…
## 04:18:38
RT @senatemajldr: The Senate is not going anywhere until we act. Senate Republicans are here and ready to work with our Democratic colleagu…
## 04:30:22
RT @senrobportman: Just voted to pass the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, providing:

- Free coronavirus testing
- Paid sick leave…
## 04:28:51
RT @SenFinance: Chairman @ChuckGrassley on the passage of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act:

✓ Increased paid sick leave

✓ Incr…
## 04:23:45
RT @SenRubioPress: Leader McConnell: "Our legislation cannot leave small business behind … Chairman Rubio and Chairman Collins have been cr…
## 04:19:53
RT @senatemajldr: The American people are strong. The American people will win this fight against the coronavirus.

The Senate’s job is to…
## 04:41:24
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

It is the millennials who will make the difference in slowing the spread of this dise…
## 18:45:23
https://t.co/ytgBP3hJv1
## 04:23:18
RT @WhiteHouse: If you think you're sick, DON'T get in the car. 🚫

Get on the phone. 📱

Get instructions. 💬 https://t.co/GCLYgla25Q
## 20:22:12
Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses! @SBAgov https://t.co/lf3y5iJ4hd
## 04:42:15
RT @SenJohnThune: Everything we’re doing right now is time-sensitive. Just left lunch with @SenateGOP &amp; @StevenMnuchin1. We’re working as a…
## 04:25:30
RT @SBAgov: What's the process for applying for an SBA disaster loan and what documentation is required? This fact sheet breaks it down: ht…
## 04:38:04
RT @ChuckGrassley: 2day the Senate is expected to vote on the bipartisan House bill to provide relief to workers affected by coronavirus I’…
## 04:43:20
RT @JohnCornyn: Do you know the symptoms of #COVID19? Difficulty breathing, persistent pain or pressure in the chest, confusion, bluish lip…
