## 05:01:50
RT @parscale: Joe Biden is a train wreck on illegal immigration and would harm national security.

He’d have ZERO deportations for the firs…
## 20:16:34
https://t.co/tit0HdkE4e
## 20:29:30
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
## 00:29:29
RT @SaraCarterDC: Not a criminal like those who tried to coup a duly elected president and overturn an American election. @SidneyPowell1 ha…
## 20:16:23
https://t.co/ZLmk41FA3H
## 05:01:31
RT @TimMurtaugh: Joe Biden would set an extreme and dangerous course on illegal immigration.

Wouldn’t deport anyone except convicted felon…
## 02:51:02
I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
## 05:00:13
RT @kayleighmcenany: Sleepy Joe is SO CONFUSED. Joe has...

- Called the coronavirus “SARS”

- Called the coronavirus the “swine flu”

- Ca…
## 18:32:44
Just had a  very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
## 20:29:46
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
## 00:29:06
RT @SaraCarterDC: Absolutely @realDonaldTrump !  This has been such an injustice to Gen. Flynn, his family and the American people  - the o…
## 22:51:54
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries, like Airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
## 03:34:33
https://t.co/HGMNIEImFT
## 00:29:56
RT @SaraCarterDC: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for your leadership. The task force is tackling real national security issues that not only de…
## 15:00:41
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
## 12:41:22
God Bless the USA!
