## 19:31:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He contin…
## 19:26:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in #TX13…
## 19:32:14
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda…
## 12:28:53
RT @WHOWPRO: This is how you can reduce your risk of new #coronavirus #COVID19 https://t.co/H2uN7tILRz
## 19:34:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@RepKevinBrady (R) of Texas-08 loves Texas &amp; our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman &amp; supporter of #MAGA. Stron…
## 14:19:23
Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife &amp; family!
## 19:24:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving, Texas, with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who su…
## 19:36:26
RT @realDonaldTrump: “The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fi…
## 19:38:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports…
## 19:55:07
Michelle @FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime &amp; Borders, Cutting Taxes, your #2A, Loves our Military, Vets, &amp; will stand w/ our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! https://t.co/qwz5F64dQn
## 23:06:03
WOW! Thank you, just landed, see everyone soon! #KAG2020🇺🇸
https://t.co/QGdfIsOp4u
## 19:55:40
THANK YOU! https://t.co/fdK2I8Fp2J
## 02:12:12
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Amazing!!!  And, while you’re at it, go get Charlie’s new book, “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”...This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
## 00:46:51
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them! https://t.co/OERuf0ZKOk
## 12:31:41
RT @TwitterMoments: President Trump and VP Mike Pence provided further updates on the coronavirus outbreak, including travel advisories for…
## 21:32:54
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
## 21:47:49
Departing for the Great State of North Carolina! https://t.co/BjnyTnnHUt
## 19:48:04
THANK YOU @BillCassidy for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana &amp; the U.S.A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #KAG2020 https://t.co/zmZZgbnNKc
## 12:09:47
RT @HealthyFla: Florida has 2 presumptive positive #COVID19 cases: one adult resident of Hillsborough County and one adult resident of Mana…
## 15:16:33
As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We don’t, putting us at a.....
## 19:24:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. Jodey fully suppo…
## 19:21:52
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Brian @Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on the Second…
## 19:23:48
RT @realDonaldTrump: Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is to…
## 19:22:25
RT @realDonaldTrump: Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MA…
## 02:31:32
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding, the best. Thank you! https://t.co/5Q9JI3Kh9R
## 19:30:51
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First polic…
## 19:20:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second…
## 12:28:57
RT @WHO: @DrTedros @WHOWPRO @pahowho @WHO_Europe @WHOAFRO @WHOEMRO @WHOSEARO "🔟 it’s normal &amp; understandable to feel anxious, especially if…
## 15:16:34
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!
## 12:19:37
RT @realDonaldTrump: People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @comcast &amp; MS…
## 02:29:00
RT @DanScavino: 2/28/2020 | Boca Raton, Florida☀️
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 https://t.co/64KQPE7Xln
## 00:52:06
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar on the Coronavirus:

"The risk to average Americans remains low. We are wor…
## 17:01:23
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
## 19:29:34
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your…
## 19:25:36
RT @realDonaldTrump: Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning…
## 00:55:57
RT @parscale: When @CNN smears Black Trump supporters just because they back the President, you know something is going right.

CNN comment…
## 02:41:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL begin…
## 00:56:40
Thank you! https://t.co/455lHtzRyz
## 12:55:20
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm &amp; vigilant!
## 12:26:23
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
## 12:42:49
“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his support has dropped.” @abcnews  Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him...And by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
## 01:07:58
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year, wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday (not up), and got his speaking location wrong again! https://t.co/INuGY214xa
## 02:58:50
RT @DrLateNightNews: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends #Trump2020
#MAGA
#AmericaFirst https://t.co/2mhmS5qFZT
## 00:08:40
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back, as he said in his fake ad. It was @RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also, with his endorsement, got Mini Mike elected (with barely a thank you). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
## 19:23:02
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very…
## 01:10:07
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you. https://t.co/xIiZgMAbIK
## 16:43:33
.@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, @CNN &amp; MSDNC (Comcast), Fair &amp; Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates!
## 19:39:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agend…
## 00:54:07
Thank you. I love you too! https://t.co/4qwFlUHfn7
## 12:08:34
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Tomorrow I will be in Tampa and Miami with Surgeon General Rivkees and other officials to discuss our continued statewi…
## 12:20:48
RT @realDonaldTrump: A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle…
## 02:28:34
RT @DanScavino: 2/29/2020 | Hesperia, California
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 https://t.co/YfdGZ9FpS0
## 19:37:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Borde…
## 19:35:48
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border…
## 02:39:52
RT @espn: .@XFLVipers RB Jacques Patrick was emotional when he scored his first professional touchdown after his father died last Friday 🙏…
## 02:28:50
RT @DanScavino: Beckley, West Virginia 
#TrumpPence2020 #KAG2020 https://t.co/geGmunSZoJ
## 19:51:43
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement! https://t.co/bJGzIcPnTq
## 02:33:02
“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.” @kayleighmcenany @JudgeJeanine
