## 18:08:35
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it won’t happen. More importantly, thank you to Google! https://t.co/AuvpbXNouW
## 14:47:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergen…
## 14:42:54
Thank you Sara. Keep writing, great talent! https://t.co/ZMYHzicBcR
## 15:20:33
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you! @Jentezen
## 01:49:27
https://t.co/XVPCplTDQn
## 15:02:16
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
## 14:47:03
RT @realDonaldTrump: We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spa…
## 14:46:20
RT @realDonaldTrump: To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know t…
## 17:09:50
Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court, and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
## 18:09:26
RT @Google_Comms: Statement from Verily: "We are developing a tool to help triage individuals for Covid-19 testing. Verily is in the early…
## 17:29:03
So now it is reported that, after destroying his life &amp; the life of his wonderful family (and many others also), the FBI, working in conjunction with the Justice Department, has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
## 14:45:29
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk! https://t.co/IexVDSYosP
## 14:47:18
RT @Jim_Jordan: Real leadership:

-Working with the private sector for solutions
-Launching a screening website
-Initiating drive-thru test…
## 14:46:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary…
## 14:58:31
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out! https://t.co/rTYq9YCj2Q
## 14:35:37
Thank you! https://t.co/fVGdP2Vxt8
## 22:53:05
The individual Governors of States, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with @CDCgov and the Federal Government!
## 14:49:20
This took place in the Rose Garden, just coming out of a cold Winter! https://t.co/bjHEC9zZkC
## 18:09:37
RT @Google_Comms: “We appreciate the support of government officials and industry partners and thank the Google engineers who have voluntee…
## 17:02:00
....The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
## 16:34:23
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
## 14:46:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend ou…
