## 09:42:35
RT @WHNSC: PSA: Text messages and emails about national quarantines are absolutely false and started by those wanting to cause fear and con…
## 10:11:38
So true! https://t.co/ZQYjDYCrj2
## 13:29:18
RT @senatemajldr: The CARES Act would deliver direct financial help. Senate Republicans want to put cash in Americans’ hands.
 
No tangled…
## 13:34:18
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans’ proposal, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, will get cash assistance in the han…
## 13:27:04
RT @senatemajldr: The past two days of intense bipartisan talks are very close to a resolution. An update on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, &amp;…
## 13:27:21
RT @senatemajldr: More Americans are being laid off every day. More small businesses are being forced to shed payroll every day. Our nurses…
## 10:12:33
RT @TeamCavuto: .@SenJohnKennedy to guest host @cvpayne: Our economy is going to take a short-term hit from the COVID-19 outbreak, but I do…
## 13:28:47
RT @senatemajldr: Laid-off workers cannot wait. Struggling Main Street businesses cannot wait. Our hospitals and health centers cannot wait…
## 03:46:46
Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN https://t.co/5TLc8LpYIP
## 10:00:38
RT @Scavino45: A MESSAGE FROM @StateDept @SecPompeo. #COVID19 

🌐https://t.co/s6BGagG63J
🌐https://t.co/EBuzMFrvIC
🌐https://t.co/sWQ2wQNxtC…
## 16:07:36
RT @RepMichaelWaltz: So awesome to see Florida businesses stepping up to help our neighbors like this. 

This is the strong spirit of commu…
## 10:01:15
RT @RepMichaelWaltz: My friend @RepRiggleman just converted his family distillery into a hand sanitizer manufacturing facility. 

Another g…
## 10:09:43
RT @Varneyco: One major side effect of this economic free-fall is that oil and gas prices are at their lowest point in 18 years. Some areas…
## 03:14:05
Thank you! https://t.co/RBqIR7wtPt
## 17:32:30
The hard working men and women of @UPS are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
## 14:52:09
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
## 09:43:19
RT @DHS_Wolf: Hearing a lot about texts from "friends at DHS" or "friends with connections at DHS" that say DHS is planning a national lock…
## 13:28:31
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans’ CARES Act would continue to push resources to the front lines of the medical battle against this viru…
## 09:44:37
RT @SenRickScott: We all need to do our part, stay inside and promote social distancing. This is the best thing we can do to stem the sprea…
## 13:27:38
RT @senatemajldr: Kentucky’s state motto is “United we stand, divided we fall.” I’m inspired by all the Kentuckians who are stepping up to…
## 10:01:33
RT @KenCalvert: What to know what you can do to help our community?

✅ Practice social distancing
✅ Donate blood https://t.co/7kAAbjMTAr
✅…
## 13:34:06
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans and @POTUS have a common goal: to get relief to American workers, families, &amp; small businesses as rapi…
## 03:30:08
RT @kimfreethinker: Our president is working valiantly to face some thing unprecedented and he’s met with the ignorance seen in this video.…
## 03:58:09
RT @DeptVetAffairs: .@POTUS signed legislation today that will maintain educational benefits for Veterans and their families impacted by th…
## 10:17:44
RT @HeyPeggyGG: @TeamCavuto @ltgrusselhonore Coronavirus or no coronavirus Preident @realDonaldTrump hands down should be re-elected based…
## 10:26:16
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump signed legislation providing American workers with paid sick leave and paid family medical leave…
## 03:44:25
RT @ashleyhayek: Earlier today @realDonaldTrump announced the tremendous work @Hanes is doing to produce masks. 

This evening I learned my…
## 03:40:36
RT @CVSHealth: .@cvspharmacy waiving charges for home delivery of prescription medications due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Learn more: https:…
## 13:25:00
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow join us #Exclusive ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@FoxNews⁩ 10am et #Live ⁦@WhiteHouse⁩ peter Navarro ⁦@marcorubio⁩ ⁦@WarRo…
## 10:16:11
RT @beemtoaustin: @TeamCavuto @ltgrusselhonore @TheDemocrats hysteria will ruin the US.
## 10:07:25
That doesn’t sound like Michael, does it? https://t.co/sHoTUU1paT
## 09:58:27
RT @Jim_Jordan: The Trump Administration is working hard to help small businesses get through this difficult time.

For small business owne…
## 09:45:21
RT @SenatorLankford: Remember the best places to stay up to date with the latest #COVID19 developments: @WhiteHouse, @CDCgov, @healthyoklah…
## 13:24:47
RT @Breaking911: STATES THAT HAVE ISSUED A ‘STAY AT HOME ORDER’

- CALIFORNIA 
- NEW YORK
- ILLINOIS 
- PENNSYLVANIA 
- CONNECTICUT 
- OREG…
## 21:56:28
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/bPsEAcwjwb
## 09:54:42
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Dc5QLivHWH
## 13:23:06
RT @MariaBartiromo: Former Ford CEO: Auto industry in 'much stronger position' than 2008 recession https://t.co/BUlsFMr4yD @MorningsMaria @…
## 09:42:06
RT @SenateGOP: To the health care workers on the frontlines.

To postal carriers, truck drivers &amp; supermarket employees.

To those staying…
## 09:44:26
RT @senrobportman: I hope you’ll  join me in thanking the folks working around the clock to keep the food supply chain moving and the shelv…
## 03:19:31
Thank you David, so true! https://t.co/dZNmUAVBO2
## 09:47:30
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

We have people all across this country—through no fault of their own—are
out of work.…
## 09:43:55
RT @WhiteHouse: The Chinese Communist Party, Russia, Iran, and bad actors around the world are spreading misinformation and lies about the…
## 10:26:49
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "Governors, mayors, businesses, charities, and citizens are all working with urgency and speed…
## 03:20:20
RT @RyanAFournier: Fact:

Under President Trump, the process of getting a coronavirus vaccine into testing has occurred at one of the FASTE…
## 10:10:53
RT @Judgenap: Maintaining Freedom in America During Coronavirus Madness
https://t.co/gxUMEp0CU9
## 09:45:37
RT @SenatorTimScott: A quick update from Washington about what we are doing to provide the necessary resources to protect the American peop…
## 10:00:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of America’s workforce. We are taking the M…
## 13:22:08
RT @MariaBartiromo: US could see lowest gas prices on record: Analyst https://t.co/CrL3F8Q329 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 10:25:46
RT @TeamTrump: "Democrats and Republicans in Congress are finding common ground and joining with President @realDonaldTrump in a bipartisan…
## 09:59:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/2wAUfZwBsa
## 09:44:16
RT @MikeCrapo: Over the past week, blood centers throughout the country have experienced a significant drop in donations due to #COVID19. I…
## 03:17:56
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: I remember a man who said...

- We need to secure our borders
- We need to bring businesses back to America 
- We need…
## 04:15:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
## 10:12:57
RT @TeamCavuto: .@SenJohnBarrasso to Neil: You have to be very concerned with your words and I'd expect much better from the Senate Minorit…
## 09:42:50
RT @sendavidperdue: Appreciate the opportunity to talk with Georgia Hospital Association members about the #coronavirus response and how we…
## 13:29:02
RT @senatemajldr: Our Senate proposal would provide the quickest possible access to desperately-needed liquidity for small businesses acros…
## 03:33:21
RT @kayleighmcenany: “It’s unprecedented what we’ve done. Many, many doctors can’t believe the great job we’ve done:”

“By closing the coun…
## 10:00:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/MLLfFTqv19
## 09:45:55
RT @SenateGOP: “In these sobering times, I’m reminded of what makes America strong.”

More from Senator @ChuckGrassley👇🏻 https://t.co/Km6bD…
## 13:28:17
RT @senatemajldr: Small businesses, working families, and medical responders across this country have made it clear: They need help now.…
## 09:57:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/IPslmvEFjA
## 03:56:31
https://t.co/Dc5QLivHWH
## 09:46:46
RT @SenHawleyPress: "This is a good time to be extra kind to one another."

Sen. Hawley and Erin share a message of encouragement as we fac…
## 14:25:16
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST! @fema  Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are? @RepMarkMeadows @GOPLeader @senatemajldr
## 10:26:23
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, President @realDonaldTrump spoke with 12,000 small businesses—the economic engine of our country.

The Trump Adm…
## 10:27:39
RT @IvankaTrump: Laid-off workers cannot wait. Small Businesses cannot wait.

At @realDonaldTrump’s direction we’re working around the ⏰ w/…
## 10:05:05
RT @cvpayne: Excuse me, I want to interrupt the onslaught of negativity tonight and remind everyone there is no such thing as "false hope."…
## 13:25:44
RT @GOPChairwoman: Biden and Bernie are "both heading toward the socialist cliff, just in different vehicles. Bernie’s is a red Ferrari, wh…
## 10:27:05
RT @GOPChairwoman: Together we will win this war against coronavirus. 
 
“This has been a week of national action and of great national sol…
## 16:14:59
.@JBPritzker, Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of certain other Governors, together with Fake News @CNN &amp; Concast (MSDNC), shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
## 04:15:37
RT @realDonaldTrump: HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE &amp; AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the hi…
## 10:04:39
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/qcYWQKja53 join us @SundayFutures @FoxNews 10am et live @marcorubio @WhiteHouse peter Navarro @JNJNews ceo…
## 02:53:27
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK https://t.co/qJugCylvE2
## 10:03:36
Maria is Great! https://t.co/nLSzlS0uDe
## 16:07:06
RT @GOPLeader: RT to thank those who are keeping the shelves stocked and the deliveries coming. 
→ Truck drivers
→ Postal workers
→ Superma…
## 10:26:37
RT @Mike_Pence: We encourage every American to listen to their state and local authorities and follow President @realDonaldTrump’s Coronavi…
## 13:23:21
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@USTreasury Mnuchin on the Fed and Trump's efforts to protect the US economy https://t.co/Raiy5c9MnX @stevenmnuchin1
## 10:20:36
RT @notquitegonzo: Better be #Option2Bernie

If he means what he said, then he should fight with us

Joe Biden is a death sentence for US A…
## 13:29:38
RT @senatemajldr: It's our job to step in and help people through this global pandemic. https://t.co/0rs8YASQqR
## 09:55:05
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @JennPellegrino @OANN
## 10:25:10
RT @GOPChairwoman: Great reminder from @realDonaldTrump:
 
“Every American has a role to play in defending our nation… Stay at home and sav…
## 14:49:27
Thank you to Fred Smith and @FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
## 10:09:57
RT @Varneyco: The Trump Administration is considering providing direct financial relief to individuals affected by the #coronavirus. Former…
## 03:31:19
RT @kayleighmcenany: If you &amp; CNN would have paid attention to the White House coronavirus briefing, you would have the answer.

“We have p…
## 10:03:58
RT @MariaBartiromo: Why Tom Cotton and Others Are Right To Question Where Coronavirus Started | The National Interest ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@Fo…
