## 01:33:07
RT @PrincessCruises: We have always been dedicated to one truth: the health, safety, &amp; well-being of our guests, teammates, &amp; communities w…
## 01:58:02
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
## 22:54:37
....No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
## 23:10:37
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared. https://t.co/gySUqewd4u
## 10:22:19
.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
## 01:34:05
RT @USATODAY: Viking Cruises cancels all cruises until May 1 due to coronavirus pandemic https://t.co/EGiOedfQx9
## 01:35:47
RT @CaitrionaPerry: All schools, colleges and childcare facilities to close from tomorrow says Taoiseach @LeoVaradkar in an address to the…
## 02:38:28
RT @SenatorFischer: Today the Senate could have passed my bill w/ @SenatorSinema to address the shortage of respirators during this #COVID1…
## 14:52:59
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
## 12:30:48
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly &amp; efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
## 22:54:36
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
## 02:20:56
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings &amp; a 78% Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
## 02:33:48
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.” @LouDobbs
## 14:55:34
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M., The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
## 21:19:39
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared! https://t.co/KcDZ9YoXZE
## 10:22:17
For decades the @CDCgov looked at, and studied,  its testing system, but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
## 21:00:16
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergency. https://t.co/yu2GBcxWD6
## 22:21:18
At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way!
## 00:35:33
RT @BW: This German biotech company has made kits with 4 million coronavirus tests since the outbreak began https://t.co/KQczW0srBr
## 22:58:11
RT @WhiteHouse: Today's emergency orders will allow the @HHSgov Secretary to waive applicable rules and regulations to give doctors, hospit…
## 10:25:03
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has no ground to stand on politicizing coronavirus or attacking @realDonaldTrump.
https://t.co/ps7dKDuPtg
## 19:30:16
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/D975UkADhj
## 02:38:35
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Outrageous. @SenatorFischer’s bill will save lives.
## 22:58:22
RT @WhiteHouse: "The spirit and the will of our nation is unbreakable. We will defeat this threat. When America is tested, America rises to…
## 13:44:29
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic &amp; physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
