## 00:28:24
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and Vice President @Mike_Pence met with airline CEOs earlier to discuss the impact of the Corona…
## 20:35:17
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

We cannot tolerate political violence or threats of harassment.

I hope that @SenSchu…
## 02:03:37
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 9:10 P.M.
## 04:16:20
https://t.co/hmcOfwHgAK
## 15:30:50
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
## 19:02:39
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools, and always will!
## 15:53:33
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China, despite strong opposition to that decision.” @SenTomCotton Thank you Tom!
## 04:03:48
https://t.co/DlGXOvEjVq
## 01:08:44
RT @AndrewDesiderio: NEW: Ron Johnson says he’ll likely release an interim report within next 1-2 months on his cmte’s Biden probe. 

He in…
## 20:38:22
Thank you Nan! https://t.co/PZoxkvMqZq
## 16:02:43
.@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly, I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media. They don’t report those things, or the far more than Dems cumulative votes, despite no opposition!
## 01:03:06
There can be few things worse in a civilized, law abiding nation, than a United States Senator openly, and for all to see and hear, threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
## 18:28:49
Mini Mike, you’re easy! https://t.co/rxFiqSB9RQ https://t.co/G2M1QHj0HV
## 20:40:25
RT @DailySignal: Don't miss @Jim_Jordan recapping the insanity of the impeachment process—and how conservatives can stop the left from cont…
## 20:34:49
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the U.S., was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC &amp; lightweight Washington failure @RonaldKlain, who the President was then?
## 02:00:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
## 16:22:04
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.” @LisaMarieBoothe @edhenry @FoxNews
## 20:35:37
RT @AirlinesDotOrg: A4A thanks @potus @realDonaldtrump @vp @Mike_Pence for inviting the CEOs of U.S. passenger airlines to the @WhiteHouse…
## 00:21:01
This is a direct &amp; dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this, he or she would be arrested, or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW! https://t.co/WqQUbyzaJU
## 14:30:50
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats, in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly, only looking to do harm to the incredible &amp; successful effort being made!
## 16:10:49
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head, just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie, at least, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
## 20:39:31
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/hmcOfwHgAK
## 14:11:25
As per recent Federal Court ruling, the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!
## 01:23:29
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
## 16:34:21
With approximately 100,000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the United States, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases (40 Americans brought in) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
