## 20:27:41
Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P.M. Eastern.
## 21:30:54
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force https://t.co/CurosT0chF
## 11:27:06
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.” @foxandfriends  Thank you, everybody is working very hard!
## 14:48:43
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG &amp; BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
## 15:00:06
RT @realDonaldTrump: On #NationalDoctorsDay, we recognize the remarkable men &amp; women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the d…
## 16:04:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructur…
## 15:13:06
RT @CHIZMAGA: Donald Trump donated his salary to fight the virus, Nancy Pelosi asked for a raise.

This is all you really need to know.
## 15:02:53
RT @Jim_Jordan: Congratulations to @MarkMeadows.

Mark is a dedicated public servant. 

He'll do a great job for President Trump and our co…
## 14:52:28
RT @dbongino: Cuomo: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitals
Trump: People are stealing medical supplies from hospitals
Cuomo:…
## 20:56:23
Great work @AtlasAirWW, thank you! https://t.co/90X4lRRHdM
## 23:49:05
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
#COVIDー19 https://t.co/p9j7kZsD7b https://t.co/RSUHRfT8If
## 15:11:29
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Despite looking down at his notes during his TV interview, Joe Biden was still unable to make any sense. https://t…
## 14:56:54
RT @RepMattGaetz: Our doctors and healthcare professionals are on the front lines of the coronavirus pandemic. Our prayers are with you as…
## 16:04:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say…
## 15:15:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/nzWJ8ViwbZ
## 19:52:52
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
## 13:18:13
I watched a portion of low rated (very) Morning Psycho (Joe) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say, &amp; what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually, other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person, she wasn’t bad. Still praying!
## 15:12:29
RT @RudyGiuliani: A great comfort to the City during 9/11. It is once again a great comfort. Thank you ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩. https://t.co/pxH…
## 15:11:54
RT @charliekirk11: Does anyone else find it strange:

Just three days after Attorney General Barr announces the DOJ will prosecute hoarders…
## 15:10:19
RT @kayleighmcenany: BOOM: @realDonaldTrump obliterates CNN ⬇️

"I want to keep the country calm."

The coronavirus "will go away."

"We're…
## 19:51:32
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
## 19:50:29
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
## 14:55:00
Thank you Mike! https://t.co/RqiQ6YdQkf
## 15:00:33
RT @Scavino45: 🚨@Ford to produce 50,000 ventilators in Michigan in next 100 days; partnering with @GEHealthcare
#COVID19 #COVID19Updates
ht…
