## 15:31:25
RT @Michael_Stout: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld I’ve been a loyal FOX viewer for many years, until now. Tucker, Hannity and Laura should le…
## 15:25:40
RT @ksorbs: What is amazing is how obvious the cheating is and the Left says....."Who, me?"

Check out this article from Not the Bee: https…
## 15:39:15
RT @GWashington1788: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Fox has been completely unfair and untruthful. Moving to Newsmax.
## 15:29:14
RT @BoobersB: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld No Doubt.  fox news ran 24/7 in our home for the past 7 yrs. It has not been on the past 7 Days…
## 15:29:21
RT @Leeleeash7: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Newsmax was the big winner election night. Fox lost many loyal viewers to them and have now di…
## 15:29:56
RT @jdangelo37: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld His response says everything. NEWSMAX and OANN are all we got for now
## 15:32:35
RT @CharlesRutled18: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld #foxnews is dead
## 15:33:52
RT @wvtruthseeker1: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Suit yourself Left Fox 4 NewsMaxxxxx
## 15:29:58
RT @lifescuksss: @jdangelo37 @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld I just downloaded Newsmax 🇺🇸👍🏻🇺🇸
## 15:29:33
RT @d_nowell: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Like it or not Fox News tried to persuade an election. Wether they did or not I don’t know but t…
## 15:37:08
RT @Shawnaz145: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Newsmax and Oann are great alternatives
## 15:33:54
RT @nbartovic: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Hey old Fox News lovers... go to Newsmax... last least they are trying to be honest
## 15:30:09
RT @SamySabbagh: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld How can you get OANN? App, Cable, dish?
## 15:36:17
RT @beleagueredman: @OSeanessyTweet @greggutfeld Quite right. They've been a disaster since the election day. DT has not been given any cha…
## 15:27:43
RT @greggutfeld: this brilliant point underlies the driving force of this election, and why so many are so suspicious.
