## 00:27:00
https://t.co/8nQIlSWart
## 00:55:06
Great job @DrPaulGosar. Thanks!
## 04:53:21
RT @Dbargen: How is a software update made on the night of the election to machines that are not supposed to be connected to the Internet?…
## 15:36:07
RT @jsolomonReports: Rep. McClintock says with Congress and the presidency the left would pack the court and more | Just The News
https://t…
## 00:26:36
...This could also be very helpful to @SenDavidPerdue and @SenatorLoeffler. Why is he afraid of Stacey Abrams? We don’t need the ballots — we only need the signed envelopes!
## 04:07:34
RT @Lrihendry: Report: 6K fake Biden votes found in Arizona “lead“ drops to 4K
## 05:12:06
RT @TeamTrump: The Great American Comeback is ONLY possible with President @realDonaldTrump!
## 04:56:38
RT @VicToensing: In Detroit vote counters were instructed to “pre-date” absentee ballots and “not to look for deficiencies in ballots.” Fro…
## 14:29:47
RT @RealSLokhova: Judge Sullivan was supposed to proceed "with dispatch" (in a quick and efficient way) in Gen Flynn's case.

Three months…
## 05:13:09
RT @Lrihendry: In GA, they threw away the envelops with the signatures that the ballots came in, then commingled the mail-in ballots with t…
## 04:20:57
RT @mschlapp: Breaking News: NV judge agrees to hear evidence of illegal voting and allow Republicans/Trump campaign to depose those who kn…
## 15:44:26
But 2020 is a long way from over! https://t.co/usdkMvGMhK
## 03:52:56
RT @justin_hart: You know what's even MORE suspicious than BIG vote dumps giving Biden the lead in WI and MI? Taking AWAY votes from @realD…
## 04:06:43
RT @LouDobbs: BREAKING NEWS: @SidneyPowell1 says her lawsuit in Georgia could be filed as soon as tomorrow and says there’s no way there wa…
## 05:02:08
RT @LLinWood: I have worked closely with @SidneyPowell1 &amp; others over recent weeks.

The lawsuit Sidney will be filing tomorrow in GA speak…
## 04:06:29
RT @PJStrikeForce: Opinion: The Thieves Who Stole Our Election Got Sloppy

https://t.co/tFgNgCX1Ka
## 01:08:13
Should President Trump concede to Biden? Poll Results: No: 190,593  (98.9%) Yes: 2,181  (1.1%) Total Votes: 192,774. @gregkellyusa @newsmax For the good of our Country we must prevail!
## 03:54:40
RT @toddeherman: This is video put it over the top for me. Election was stolen

I shared @justin_hart's data showing pattern of 4:00 AM dat…
## 04:57:29
RT @VicToensing: Go to Parler and see my TRUTHFUL post about the corrupt Democratic cities like Philly and Detroit and how they corrupted t…
## 04:53:58
RT @LLinWood: https://t.co/8QR5S3tQmN
## 00:26:35
Why isn’t the @GASecofState Brad Raffensperger, a so-called Republican, allowing us to look at signatures on envelopes for verification? We will find tens of thousands of fraudulent and illegal votes...
## 15:36:24
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump team wins hearings in Arizona, Michigan and Pennsylvania legislatures on election concerns | Just The News
https…
## 05:12:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: Poll: 79 Percent of Trump Voters Believe ‘Election Was Stolen‘ https://t.co/PmMBmt05AI via @BreitbartNews They are 100…
## 15:33:41
Marc Morano, https://t.co/Cr5nLeebPy  “Perhaps President Trump’s greatest accomplishment is United States Energy Dominance.”
## 03:34:08
https://t.co/fps08npGqJ https://t.co/e7giu2jEG1
## 04:01:40
RT @LouDobbs: Election Fraud Exposed: The Amstead Project’s Phill Kline explains why he wants nearly 157,000 votes thrown out in Wisconsin-…
## 04:57:52
RT @VicToensing: Hubby and I working with @RudyGiuliani on @realDonaldTrump legal election fight. Go to @Parler to read facts @Twitter won’…
## 04:57:14
RT @VicToensing: Someone, maybe @FoxNews, should educate its unsophisticated reporter @KristinFisher what evidence is. @RudyGiuliani quoted…
## 05:03:48
RT @LLinWood: Make requests for the video footage, Georgia Patriots. Overwhelm them so that they CANNOT destroy the evidence.

Follow the C…
