## 01:27:32
RT @MarkMeadows: It is NONSENSE to say @realDonaldTrump is undercutting the Postal Service. I know. I oversaw USPS in Congress on the Overs…
## 01:27:48
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has mobilized his Administration to address barriers to women's full economic empowerment around…
## 01:28:12
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @JaredKushner on moving U.S. embassy to Jerusalem: President @realDonaldTrump believes in keeping his promise…
## 11:25:49
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
## 01:01:08
RT @CaliConserv1: Hey California,

Are you ready to vote for Trump in November?
## 01:30:18
RT @EricTrump: This says it all. Our Mayor can play arts and crafts in front of Trump Tower but he can’t shine the Tribute Light Memorial a…
## 01:04:32
RT @DGPurser: Antifa attends Sturgis.

I couldn't tell for sure but it looked like maybe a half-dozen Antifa?

The ratio of Trump supporter…
## 00:59:01
RT @steph93065: How is this video not everywhere?  https://t.co/Zca0BlgaBm
## 01:30:51
RT @realDonaldTrump: Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back!
## 01:12:22
RT @robjh1: The liberal media &amp; Dems don’t want the election called the night of the election. They want a few extra days to massage the nu…
## 01:29:28
RT @bennyjohnson: TRUMP: “If stupid people aren’t elected next year, we’re going to have one of the greatest years that we’ve ever had.” ht…
## 01:00:05
RT @Peoples_Pundit: Told you guys she was not only unpopular, but very unpopular historically.

Okay. Going back to enjoying the last day I…
## 01:28:02
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @JaredKushner: President @realDonaldTrump opposes universal mail-in-voting because he wants a fair election h…
## 01:31:50
RT @EricTrump: .@realDonaldTrump Boat Parade today in Clearwater, Florida!!!!!

🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/6eH36UPsL4
## 01:28:22
RT @TeamTrump: Senior Advisor @JaredKushner: Israel-UAE deal is “the culmination of three and a half years of incredible diplomacy by Presi…
## 01:14:15
Great going Jim. Proud of you! https://t.co/jaJBVm1TlR
## 01:06:42
Law and Order. If @NYCMayor can’t do it, we will! https://t.co/N88GX9Rkc9
## 01:29:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100% correct!!!
## 01:28:45
RT @GOPChairwoman: President @realDonaldTrump continues to enjoy a record enthusiasm advantage over Biden, and Republicans are now outpacin…
## 01:30:34
RT @EricTrump: Durham probe: Ex-FBI lawyer to plead guilty in first criminal case arising from review, sources say | Fox News https://t.co/…
## 01:07:28
RT @Jamierodr14: Epic!

The Patriots of Hawaii are Standing Up &amp; Raising their Voices in this Blue State! 

The Silent Majority isn’t Silen…
## 01:02:35
RT @robert_spalding: Do you think the WSJ understands this?
## 01:31:19
RT @nypost: Kamala Harris reportedly owes $1M in bills from failed presidential run https://t.co/RE8Z6gzgQB https://t.co/Ea3ldU5FfG
## 01:03:08
RT @DGPurser: More lies about "Vote by mail".

This is nothing but a Democrat attempt to cheat and STEAL this election.

Nothing they say a…
## 01:00:12
RT @OldManKowalski: Feb.18, 2016 phone conversation between Biden and Poroshenko
Listen to Poroshenko admit: Shokin was not corrupt. There…
## 01:27:16
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@jaredkushner is spot on.
 
“Dr. Fauci said this week that there should be no fear for people to go out and vote in per…
## 01:26:06
RT @WhiteHouse: This breakthrough was made possible by President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership—and it provides a foundation for further adv…
## 01:16:47
RT @MarkCongressGA7: Today’s PGA Tour Winner, 42- year old Jim Herman credits President Donald Trump for 'little bit of good luck' at this…
