## 11:06:14
....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!
## 23:55:02
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend! https://t.co/M41wLOg5ZA
## 20:39:33
https://t.co/jXoffXyZed
## 22:31:59
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
## 23:56:13
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
## 12:34:14
Big Stock Market Numbers!
## 12:33:47
More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &amp; women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
## 11:45:06
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, &amp; perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
## 21:38:11
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/8zuQqdheWk
