## 13:48:46
Happy Sunday! We want GOD! 
https://t.co/RsBkSEmJEi
## 23:12:39
RT @SteveHiltonx: 🚨🚨 ALSO: first details of Republican policy platform EXCLUSIVE tonight Trump 2nd Term Agenda 9pm don't miss it!
## 21:32:49
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/BvYoN0T57c
## 01:26:47
Now they’re trying to deny this, but they can’t! https://t.co/vNW3I3pPNK
## 18:45:19
Actually, I think I’m leading in the Polls!  @FoxNews @OANN
## 18:37:58
Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
## 12:13:52
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends
## 00:35:35
.@LouDobbs wrote a great new book, “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever”. Strongly recommended...A special guy! https://t.co/ytLH14Thkr
## 11:25:59
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
## 13:11:59
Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!
## 17:33:53
Important White House News Conference at 5:30 (sharp) today. Very good news!
## 18:29:03
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
## 00:28:28
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
