## 11:08:39
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!
## 10:28:56
RT @SpaceX: Starship takes flight https://t.co/IWvwcA05hl
## 10:43:40
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
## 10:35:09
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/JDS4zUXXJG
## 14:05:50
.@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
## 09:57:17
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
## 10:23:54
NASA was Closed &amp; Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years. Sorry, but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe! https://t.co/PRebGIEJaq
## 10:30:52
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 10:09:00
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted! https://t.co/eSG6utLq5H
## 14:15:54
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
## 10:17:02
RT @RealLifeStarman: “We are going to go to the moon, we are going to have a base on the moon, we are going to send people to mars and make…
## 10:27:44
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
## 10:14:17
For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not! https://t.co/hJnesKXTcL
