## 13:44:56
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!
## 11:37:25
In an illegal late night coup, Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court! https://t.co/cNSPINgCY7
## 13:49:25
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
## 12:46:02
My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
## 11:25:50
RT @CLewandowski_: Great to be able to participate in the Gloucester, MA Trump boat parade yesterday.  Huge turn out to support ⁦@realDonal…
## 13:53:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
## 11:26:26
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden's radical agenda would wipe out our energy sector and destroy over 10 million American jobs.

Under @realDonal…
## 01:29:13
https://t.co/h5bAKu6Xws
## 11:27:29
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump from his Pennsylvania tele-rally: Getting rid of fracking, like what Joe Biden and the radical De…
## 11:27:07
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We achieved record-low unemployment for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans a…
## 11:26:03
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump to the people of Pennsylvania: I’ll never let you down and we will continue to put America First!…
## 12:57:35
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!
## 12:03:48
Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
## 11:26:52
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Joe Biden and the far-left want to abolish borders, fully support sanctuary cities and incentivi…
## 11:49:09
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
## 11:26:43
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: We passed the largest tax cut in the history of our country https://t.co/89zrfv1Qe0
## 11:46:24
With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!
## 12:22:41
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!
