## 18:38:55
Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!
## 02:25:50
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
## 01:18:30
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW &amp; ORDER!!!
## 22:35:47
https://t.co/QawXAxElm6
## 13:40:01
The Radical Left Mayors &amp;  Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists &amp; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
## 13:41:05
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 02:36:13
When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs &amp; Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &amp; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &amp; States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
## 22:35:36
https://t.co/mHeGTRil5i
## 03:03:34
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
## 13:10:36
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
## 01:17:49
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
## 22:20:32
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
## 02:25:49
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, &amp; then back to his  basement for an extended period...
## 19:03:46
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden: "Covid has taken this year, just since the outbreak, has taken more than 100 year, look, here's, the lives, it…
## 13:13:18
Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!
## 13:34:36
I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
## 22:35:29
https://t.co/3iM1oRDEgy
## 21:46:11
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/H3TZocumET
