## 10:25:24
RT @MrAndyNgo: It was a conservative who was killed.
## 10:39:34
Play Football Big Ten! https://t.co/tlMFxv2mvx
## 11:43:26
RT @PollWatch2020: Concerning presidential debates, which option has more risk for Joe Biden? (i.e. which option could hurt Biden more?)
## 10:28:46
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS! https://t.co/Be8avd2wPL
## 10:55:03
RT @stillgray: The chickens are coming home to roost in Portland as anti-police activists rally at mayor Ted Wheeler’s residence and plan t…
## 11:41:37
RT @PollWatch2020: 1)  A nugget about the Trafalgar Michigan poll that has Trump up 46.6 to 45.2 over Biden.

Before the Dem Convention Tru…
## 10:51:39
RT @gatewaypundit: Portland Black Lives Matter Have Chained Themselves Together in Lobby of Leftist Mayor Ted Wheeler's Apartment https://t…
## 10:01:52
RT @charliekirk11: “Activists” in Portland are now occupying Ted Wheeler’s apartment complex until he either agrees to resign or defund the…
## 11:19:31
RT @NoahCRothman: A lot of these videos have been shocking. I audibly gasped at this one.
## 10:48:08
RT @talktomooney: For no particular reason, this is the phone number of Portland's mayor, Ted Wheeler.  Consider calling on him to resign.…
## 11:44:55
RT @Peoples_Pundit: Donald Trump just got the biggest betting odds convention bounce in history, and the convention just ended last night.…
## 11:51:49
.@DNI_Ratcliffe on @MariaBartiromo this morning. @FoxNews
## 10:33:11
RT @JackPosobiec: Reminder: Ted Wheeler rejected President Trump’s officer for federal assistance in Portland
## 11:37:43
RT @RobertCahaly: Doubt what we @trafalgar_group say about #MI #Elections2020 at your own peril. History is not on your side. https://t.co/…
## 11:17:44
RT @MaxAbrahms: Don’t forget how the media said during last election that ISIS wanted Trump to win &amp; would strengthen if he became presiden…
## 10:22:12
RT @MrAndyNgo: “I am not sad that a f—ing fascist died tonight,” says a woman at the antifa gathering in downtown Portland. The crowd laugh…
## 10:42:26
RT @JackPosobiec: BREAKING: President Trump will travel to Kenosha, WI on Tuesday
## 11:36:38
RT @thebradfordfile: WOW. President Trump's support among black voters rose 9 points during the GOP convention.
## 10:03:50
RT @ostate87: @MrAndyNgo @Ted wheeler This could have been avoided! Do your Job!! https://t.co/VqIlq4SwJp
## 10:48:38
RT @10tpdx: Ted Wheeler and the PPB have blood on their hands.
## 11:43:40
RT @PollWatch2020: Interesting
## 12:04:05
LAW &amp; ORDER!!!
## 10:49:50
Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!! https://t.co/k0urkflQdx
## 10:03:23
RT @FarleyMedia: Mayor/Police Commissioner Ted Wheeler Assassinated a Patriot, tonight, through Antifa. Blood is on his hands and We Want J…
## 11:37:17
RT @LarrySchweikart: @ForecasterEnten 3) There is no---ZERO---drop off in Trump support from 2016. There is 95% GOP support.

4) This means…
## 11:31:22
RT @PollWatch2020: 12. DI Poll:

"Which candidate do you trust to do the best job handling the economy?

Trump: 59%
Biden 41%
## 10:29:14
RT @RichardGrenell: Hours after @tedwheeler sent a “I Don’t Want Trump’s Help” letter, his city is in chaos.
## 11:33:20
RT @PollWatch2020: 3). DI poll:

Electoral Projection
Trump 319
Biden 219
## 10:25:41
RT @stillgray: The shooting victim in Portland had a blue lives patch on his pants. https://t.co/8VsOHnZNeX
## 11:08:59
.@MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!! @MayorBowser https://t.co/45RzrDqw1q
## 02:38:37
RT @OANN: Ky. Attorney General Cameron: President Trump Is What’s Best For The Country https://t.co/W6QwuJdCHG #OANN https://t.co/iA01Dpx1E3
## 01:17:33
Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &amp; Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
## 10:25:17
RT @guru_scout: Just 2 days ago, Portland's mayor yet again rejected President Trump's offer for federal aid after over 90 days of rioting.…
## 11:48:34
Moving along nicely. MAGA! https://t.co/xNchR73xgp
## 11:41:14
RT @PollWatch2020: Trump put on a GREAT show in New Hampshire. Well over an hour! When Biden campaigns will he go for an hour?  Probably 8…
## 10:00:01
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard! https://t.co/bM6ypak94t
## 10:42:13
Thank you. We will not let them down! https://t.co/IOAVJpJji5
## 11:43:56
RT @PollWatch2020: If you want to see how good or bad a pollster is just go to Real Clear Politics and check their past predictions. Don't…
## 11:39:21
Michael knows!!! https://t.co/QNuj5Y1PZc
## 02:33:36
RT @OANN: #WeeklyBriefing: Ga. state Rep. Vernon Jones discusses his support of President Trump &amp; how the black community has benefited und…
## 11:47:00
RT @PollWatch2020: Trump got 8 percent of black vote in 2016. I’ve been predicting 11-13 percent in 2020. I’m thinking he could get 14-16 p…
## 10:31:53
Democrat “Leadership” has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!! https://t.co/Jifo9JwTD0
## 02:38:24
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq - https://t.co/d1MGNQ2QsA
## 10:56:39
Tone down the language, but TRUE! https://t.co/CcdNwlLsb3
## 10:22:37
RT @drdavidsamadi: As of today in America, 3,378,859 people have recovered from COVID-19.

The media only reports the deaths and new case n…
## 02:32:17
RT @OANN: This edition of One America News Investigates is one Joe Biden does not want you to see. Join @ChanelRion &amp; a stellar lineup, inc…
## 10:38:12
RT @RealJamesWoods: #KillerCuomo should be in jail.
## 10:42:40
RT @dbongino: ALL LIVES MATTER!
## 10:03:00
RT @JohnMor66719851: Ted Wheeler keeps refusing help from Trump because he doesn't want to make the situation worse.
Yeah, I can see his po…
## 10:54:36
This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet! https://t.co/ZdJzr2UQre
## 10:20:41
RT @MrAndyNgo: “He was a f—ing Nazi! Our community held its own.”

Antifa &amp; BLM in Portland celebrate the homicide of a purported Trump sup…
## 11:12:32
Their minds are gone!!! https://t.co/4KMtQSvF5z
## 10:41:27
RT @RealJamesWoods: Hey, can somebody yell down to the basement and tell Joe there’s another police station on fire? Try to catch him betwe…
## 10:03:40
RT @MrAndyNgo: EXCLUSIVE: I can confirm it is a homicide. The person shot in downtown Portland is deceased.

Some witnesses are saying the…
## 03:31:27
RT @CorkyForSenate: .@realDonaldTrump is #CommittedToCorky! His remarks last night were spot on. We need a political outsider who will help…
## 10:52:33
RT @livesmattershow: These are the zombies that are calling for a revolution to move into power in the USA

Imagine these people becoming y…
## 11:19:47
RT @DrewHolden360: At some point it would be nice if we talked about the fact that there appears to be a semi-professional class of people…
## 10:33:46
RT @littllemel: “This week the CDC quietly updated the Covid number to admit that only 6% of all the 153,504 deaths recorded actually died…
## 09:49:43
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
## 10:01:58
RT @thebradfordfile: If anyone dies in Portland tonight, Ted Wheeler has nobody to blame but himself.
## 10:36:14
Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems! https://t.co/IvuIh6cRz5
## 02:32:36
RT @OANN: According to the mainstream media, the riots &amp; extreme violence are completely unorganized. However, it appears this coup attempt…
## 10:44:43
RT @stoolpresidente: Shame on the @bigten
## 10:18:46
Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety &amp; Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police! https://t.co/lZigDBjvKJ
## 10:04:13
RT @AGHamilton29: Sounds like at least one person shot in Portland after clashes between left-wing and right-wing extremists. Really glad T…
## 11:41:16
RT @PollWatch2020: 3) To me the big news is that Trump was up 2.7% in Michigan right before the Dem Convention. After the coming Trump bump…
## 11:13:16
RT @AriFleischer: This is an excellent Q&amp;A explaining the nuts &amp; bolts of voting in NV, a state that has never conducted a mostly-mail gene…
## 01:05:25
Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. @DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job! https://t.co/44bRm8NFbB
## 11:46:09
RT @PollWatch2020: Heads will explode. Trump up in Michigan.
## 10:59:18
RT @CarmineSabia: It is a shame Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler places his politics above the safety of his citizens.
## 10:26:04
RT @MrAndyNgo: The NYT is reporting that the deceased white victim was wearing a Patriot Prayer hat. Patriot Prayer is a pro-Trump conserva…
## 11:42:19
RT @RobertCahaly: @marthamaccallum pay attention we got it right ‘16 and ‘18. And we show it tightening
## 11:33:10
RT @PollWatch2020: 4). Enthusiasm gap is huge.
Very supportive 

Trump 82%
Biden 40%
## 11:41:48
RT @PollWatch2020: True. Full campaign mode!
## 02:15:34
The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
## 11:13:43
RT @RichLowry: True, and it’s confounding that they ever thought totally glossing over it was a good idea
## 02:36:57
RT @EmilyRoseFinn: #LIVE: Pres. @realDonaldTrump is delivering remarks in Lake Charles, Louisiana after a briefing on the emergency operati…
## 03:30:52
RT @mowers: Thank you, President @realDonaldTrump! 🇺🇸 

I’m proud to have served in President Trump’s administration and to have his endors…
## 11:17:39
RT @ConceptualJames: Literally every time I hear the words "peaceful protesters" now, I assume it's a lie. This isn't correct or good.
## 11:25:21
RT @TheBabylonBee: Biden: 'If You Thought The Republican Convention Was Good, Just Wait 'Til We Have Our Convention!' https://t.co/Q27uwZtO…
## 11:46:17
RT @PollWatch2020: Rich Baris: "Democrats are in a complete and total panic right now."
## 10:36:47
RT @RealJamesWoods: Basement flooded? https://t.co/x0MwRkirLI
## 11:33:35
RT @PollWatch2020: 2). Democracy Institute Poll:

Florida
Trump 47
Biden 44

Minnesota 
Trump 48
Biden 45

New Hampshire
Trump 47
Biden 43
## 10:55:17
RT @HasTedResigned: It is August 29, 2020, and Ted Wheeler has not yet resigned for committing war crimes.
## 10:39:59
RT @CortesSteve: Fund Police.

Defund NPR.
## 10:59:06
The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call! https://t.co/iRe5ExgRGO
## 10:41:14
RT @EricTrump: Great - we can now all vote in person! https://t.co/t0Sn4gCrRe
## 03:32:56
RT @SteveScalise: Toured damage from Hurricane Laura with President Trump today. Louisiana is full of tough, resilient people. We’ve proved…
## 02:36:23
RT @OANN: President Trump Surveys Damage Caused By Hurricane Laura https://t.co/DsDZMgssiQ #OANN https://t.co/Nof1AJD9f9
## 10:37:39
GREAT PATRIOTS! https://t.co/BWGxVoBTmI
## 10:51:25
RT @DeanBrowningPA: Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler apparently wasn't getting enough attention so he published the letter he wrote to Trump reje…
## 10:50:37
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: Fun fact about Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler — not only is he the mayor, he’s also the police commissioner....
## 11:17:01
RT @LeeSmithDC: Query for CNN employees: do you tell the truth to your loved ones? To your children, spouses and parents, and your friends,…
## 10:25:33
RT @JennaEllisEsq: 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨 https://t.co/kcbyFcxoEL
## 11:32:54
RT @PollWatch2020: 6). According to Democracy Institute the Dems badly miscalculated on BLM:

74% prefer all lives matter
26% prefer black…
## 02:34:21
RT @OANN: If your cable company doesn't offer @OANN, Enjoy the 24/7 LIVE Feed of @OANN on Roku, nominal cost of only $4.99/mo.

How to: Fro…
## 03:32:40
RT @SenJohnKennedy: Thankful @realDonaldTrump made the trip to Lake Charles today to be with the people of Louisiana. I’m grateful our stat…
## 11:29:47
RT @PollWatch2020: 16.  From DI Poll:

“Do you think Joe Biden is experiencing some form of cognitive decline, such as the early stages of…
## 11:33:55
RT @PollWatch2020: 1). BREAKING: Democracy Institute shows Trump up nationally and in battlegrounds:

National Popular Vote:
Trump 48
Biden…
## 11:46:03
RT @PollWatch2020: Here's the Trafalgar Group info on Trump's lead in Michigan:

https://t.co/Bux455MJzX
## 11:31:53
RT @PollWatch2020: 9) According to the Democracy Institute Poll: Trump approval is at 52 percent  

(NOTE: That number is exactly what Zogb…
## 11:43:28
RT @PollWatch2020: We're at the point now where no pollster should be using registered voters.
## 10:12:58
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local “leaders”. They want Law &amp; Order! https://t.co/f6LOKcf7BU
