## 12:41:26
RT @QuickTake: BREAKING: Trump signs executive order forcing the divestment of TikTok by it’s owner, ByteDance.

Any company still doing bu…
## 00:41:55
https://t.co/8XG18cSqTr https://t.co/KHWhXoJG7L
## 21:03:57
Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
## 12:35:33
RT @ABCWorldNews: RACE COMMENT BACKLASH: @marykbruce reports on the backlash Joe Biden is facing after appearing to suggest most African Am…
## 13:03:05
RT @YahooNews: NEW: Biden draws distinction between diversity within Black and Latino communities, telling @NPR’s @lourdesgnavarro that “un…
## 22:31:11
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon...
## 12:51:59
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon! https://t.co/sgblnB0EgL
## 12:36:13
RT @dcexaminer: "Joe Biden this morning, he totally disparaged and insulted the black community. What he said is incredible...it was a very…
## 13:06:23
After yesterday’s statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!
## 12:48:10
RT @danvargas77: @realDonaldTrump Yes! Please add to the things to do. Drain the swamp and prevent it from coming back. Set "Term limits" t…
## 12:44:35
RT @ABC7NY: President Donald Trump on Thursday ordered an unspecified ban on "transactions" with the Chinese owners of the consumer apps Ti…
## 12:30:03
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
## 12:49:15
Thank you! https://t.co/OS9T8cjDy0
## 23:35:33
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/IkaqkcJtpR
## 14:49:00
https://t.co/3Oe3SUds5k
## 22:31:12
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!
## 12:46:50
RT @EdwardLawrence: The letter adds: “potentially allowing China to track the locations of Federal employees and contractors, build dossier…
## 14:55:17
https://t.co/GCdlGJpOxc
## 12:48:42
Thank you! https://t.co/uEytELtQQj
## 22:32:51
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
## 22:58:31
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHagertyTN and @RogerMarshallMD. They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 12:46:11
RT @EdwardLawrence: In letter to Congress President Donald Trump calls TikTok a threat to national security because the data the app collec…
## 13:48:00
Great Jobs Numbers!
## 12:47:33
RT @TimTebow: On this World Day Against Trafficking, I’m humbled to announce that we are deepening our commitment in the fight against Huma…
