## 11:52:46
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
## 11:32:55
I disagreed with doing this very small (tiny) section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesn’t even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles. https://t.co/L8RUPCAhqc
## 01:00:14
https://t.co/xl10x8qmTn
## 12:30:36
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
## 11:51:39
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump visits Walter Reed National Military Medical Center

https://t.co/dHMRUM5J5a
## 03:09:02
https://t.co/Fw7CH0YtYR
## 03:29:48
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &amp; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, &amp; Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page &amp; her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild &amp; unchecked - lying &amp; leaking all the way? NO!
## 12:11:42
...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!
## 11:40:41
RT @greta: Watch ( DVR)  Full Court Press tomorrow/ Sunday - ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ is my guest - for what time where you live go to https://t.…
## 11:51:17
RT @MariaBartiromo: Mask Looks good!  ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ We'll talk about it tomorrow 10am et ⁦@SundayFutures⁩ ⁦@FoxNews⁩  https:/…
## 11:50:45
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is a champion for the American worker.

Under his leadership, Hispanic unemployment reached a re…
## 01:48:35
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
## 12:20:51
Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!! @foxandfriends
## 00:45:54
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
## 11:50:29
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump took action this week to help every member of America’s proud Hispanic community unlock the Amer…
## 00:09:10
What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!
