## 00:10:58
RT @TomCottonAR: More lies from the debunked 1619 Project. 

Describing the *views of the Founders* and how they put the evil institution o…
## 13:57:51
RT @SenatorRisch: Today, @MikeCrapo and I voted in favor of the FY 2021 #NDAA to ensure that U.S. forces are equipped to defend against imm…
## 00:34:28
RT @MarkDice: This is why Trump is sending in Federal troops — this is a Federal Court House the state of Oregon is refusing to protect in…
## 01:20:34
RT @DubkeSam: Joe Biden's "peaceful protesters":

"A city dump truck was set on fire"

"Rocks, batteries and other items... were thrown at…
## 01:19:30
RT @TrumpWarRoom: WATCH: Acting DHS Secretary Chad Wolf details the unhinged violence unfolding in Portland.

"They're coming armed with ro…
## 00:20:47
RT @EvanAKilgore: I find it extremely ironic that all of the people who said "Trump would destroy America" are the one's burning our cities…
## 01:07:49
RT @TrumpWarRoom: @maggieNYT https://t.co/7vF1tiMOBy
## 01:34:04
RT @marklevinshow: How the heck did this happen?
https://t.co/D4ALvgIHwY
## 01:24:17
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "If there is violence in the streets of the United States, you better believe that President Trump will be vocal in oppos…
## 14:17:05
RT @GreggJarrett: Mayor Lightfoot Chastises Police For Asking Trump to Help ‘Bring Back Civility To The Streets Of Chicago’ https://t.co/ST…
## 01:18:23
RT @CBPMarkMorgan: These are not the actions of peaceful protesters. These are the actions of violent anarchists who are looking to harm fe…
## 14:08:04
RT @SenJohnThune: JUST PASSED: Good to see the Senate work together to pass a bipartisan #NDAA to ensure our troops are prepared to meet th…
## 14:19:44
RT @GreggJarrett: Biased anti-Flynn rogue judge exceeds authority by refusing to dismiss wrongful charges https://t.co/1d01CMS4tO
## 14:00:08
RT @JerryMoran: PASSED✅: The FY2021 #NDAA which strengthens our national security and invests in military families just passed the Senate.…
## 14:15:54
RT @GreggJarrett: The Secret Source Behind The Anti-Trump Dossier Is Finally Exposed https://t.co/zprOPS5xf3
## 14:09:11
RT @SenJohnHoeven: Senate passed the NDAA today. This leg. authorizes important defense policy for our nation &amp; provides vital support for…
## 14:21:11
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: A Dubious Order against the Seattle Ban on Police Use of Non-Lethal Force - I'm not quite where @JonathanTurley is on…
## 00:00:08
RT @RandyEBarnett: My whole adult life, opponents of private gun ownership have insisted that an individual right to keep and bear arms was…
## 13:27:11
RT @senatemajldr: The CARES Act provided Kentucky and our nation with the tools to endure the first phase of the coronavirus crisis. But Am…
## 14:16:41
RT @GreggJarrett: What exactly is a "voter registration physician?" https://t.co/V8X6PtS31d
## 01:28:16
RT @TimMurtaugh: Question of the day for Biden

In the last 100 days you’ve embraced policies to crush local police, wipe out borders, give…
## 01:18:27
RT @CBPMarkMorgan: There is nothing “peaceful” about using power tools to saw through fencing.
## 14:17:36
RT @GreggJarrett: BOMBSHELL: New Russia Probe Documents Show Steele ‘Source’ Was Employee With ‘Rumor At Best’ Information https://t.co/KmT…
## 00:21:20
RT @SydneyLWatson: What the radical left is doing to America has made me really sad this weekend.

I don't have much more to add besides th…
## 00:43:08
Wow! https://t.co/v6MKirOs4G
## 00:15:09
RT @stillgray: This guy needs a therapist more than he needs social justice.  https://t.co/4OvSZCxyev
## 14:07:43
RT @SenatorFischer: The Senate NDAA is good for our nation’s security!

This bill gives our men and women in uniform the resources and supp…
## 14:16:10
RT @GreggJarrett: 19 People Watch Biden’s Live stream As He Explains Nurses Used To ‘Breathe In My Nostrils’ https://t.co/9MqnnvjM5W
## 14:16:51
RT @GreggJarrett: The Heat Is ON: Biden Campaign Goes On Defense Over Senate Burisma Investigation https://t.co/VMJtElCrNP
## 01:21:20
RT @TimMurtaugh: Uh oh.
## 01:16:30
RT @TimMurtaugh: In 100 days, Americans will elect their next president. 

They will have before them a stark choice: 

President Trump’s e…
## 14:09:18
RT @JohnBoozman: At a time of increasing risks and challenges to global security, America must lead in creating stability through a strong…
## 01:21:55
RT @ErinMPerrine: MUST READ THREAD on Joe Biden’s “peaceful protesters”
## 00:57:39
RT @dbongino: “Mostly peaceful”
## 00:52:27
RT @TomFitton: Durham should question Obama. And Biden. And Mrs. Clinton.
## 14:08:43
RT @MikeCrapo: The FY 2021 #NDAA provides U.S. troops with a pay raise and more than 30 kinds of special pay, such as hazard pay. It also s…
## 01:16:43
RT @TrumpWarRoom: @realDonaldTrump Joe Biden defended the radical mob, saying they’re “peaceful protesters.” He’s too weak! https://t.co/nT…
## 01:24:57
RT @TrumpWarRoom: You won't be safe in Joe Biden's America! 
https://t.co/mBxSP0cZtq
## 13:58:14
RT @MarshaBlackburn: As a member of @SASCMajority, I worked on behalf of Tennesseans to include 51 provisions in this year’s defense author…
## 01:01:55
Where is JUSTICE? https://t.co/sJTDSCDXGi
## 13:27:12
RT @SBAJovita: The Paycheck Protection Program has helped save nearly 5 million small businesses and 51 million jobs, making it one of the…
## 14:09:04
RT @SenatorEnzi: I’m glad the Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act today that prioritizes quality of life for our troops, w…
## 14:08:38
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: #NDAA funds projects at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in WY, reinforces our deterrent against China &amp; Russia, expands san…
## 14:16:32
RT @GreggJarrett: Portland Mayor Gets Gassed At ‘Listening Session’ https://t.co/8Ci2OQ0gJW
## 14:08:47
RT @SenCoryGardner: Today the US Senate passed the National Defense Authorization Act with my support, which will provide a much-needed pay…
## 13:57:22
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!
## 01:19:19
RT @TrumpWarRoom: SEVEN federal law enforcement officers were injured Friday night in Portland by rioters.

"We know what their aim is. The…
## 01:22:07
RT @BillStepien: The President’s ground game is STRONG and we keep getting stronger. These next 100 days will be historic and we need patri…
## 13:27:22
RT @SenTedCruz: Proud to support this strong bipartisan measure to fulfill our national defense responsibility. #NDAA advances US national…
## 00:44:13
RT @RichSementa: Tune into @FoxNews now! 👇🇺🇸
## 14:07:49
RT @SenJoniErnst: As a combat veteran &amp; member of @SASCMajority, I’m proud to have helped pass the #FY21NDAA that includes a number of my p…
## 00:54:25
RT @TPPatriots: REPORT: A Yale Epidemiologist has said hydroxychloroquine could save 100,000 lives.

If only Democrats hadn't politicized i…
## 13:58:27
RT @SenDanSullivan: Today I voted with 85 of my Senate colleagues to pass a strong #FY21NDAA that authorizes $740.5 billion in critical def…
## 14:08:22
RT @SenThomTillis: I’m proud of the work we accomplished in the FY2021 #NDAA on behalf of our servicemembers, including securing the second…
## 14:08:11
RT @SenRickScott: This year’s #NDAA is a great win for our national security. 

I’m proud my Secure U.S. Bases Act was included which will…
## 01:16:12
RT @TeamTrump: TONIGHT: We're 100 days away from Election Day! Join Team Trump Online for 100 Reasons Not to Vote for Joe Biden at 8:00pm E…
## 14:09:29
RT @RoyBlunt: 🚨JUST NOW 🚨
Senate passed #FY21NDAA, the 60th bipartisan NDAA:
Giving troops a pay raise 
Bolstering our combat advantage
Pro…
## 00:57:24
RT @dbongino: ANTIFA is a fascist terror-group committed to bringing fascism to the United States by whatever means necessary.
## 00:22:45
RT @SydneyLWatson: Look at all that social distancing going down in Portland. 👀
https://t.co/LWYbhY3eQm
## 01:21:11
RT @TrumpWarRoom: RNC Chair McDaniel: With 100 days until election, enthusiasm gap points to reelection for President Trump!
https://t.co/c…
## 14:12:57
RT @ByronYork: Voices on left concerned about rioters in Portland. No longer arguing it's 'peaceful,' worried about backfiring.
## 00:22:19
RT @ElijahSchaffer: This is unreal. But it’s intentional 

Big liberal cities are trying to bait Trump into sending Feds across the country…
## 14:08:33
RT @SenHydeSmith: The #NDAA is vital to maintaining &amp; expanding U.S. national security advantages over adversaries. MS benefits through its…
## 00:19:02
RT @BarrettWilson6: It's a good thing they're wearing masks
## 00:06:02
He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse! https://t.co/Op2UnQ5uWj
## 00:54:47
RT @dbongino: The lib media’s “mostly peaceful” charade is another nail in the coffin of their credibility. They think people see them as a…
## 14:19:34
RT @GreggJarrett: Anti-Trump GOP Operatives Have Massive Debt And Ties to Clinton Russia Friends https://t.co/uvbmDs6e0b
## 00:00:26
RT @MZHemingway: COVID-19's death toll shows us that in-home care of the elderly and infirm has serious advantages over nursing home models…
## 00:40:23
RT @DineshDSouza: It’s telling to see these pudgy #Antifa androgynes scream and shove cops in the manner they are used to screaming and sho…
## 14:08:27
RT @SenBillCassidy: La. is the home of major military bases that play critical roles in our national defense. The NDAA includes authorizati…
## 00:57:08
RT @dbongino: Trump Will Win New Mexico, Predicts State GOP Chair 👇

https://t.co/v0E4IgEqxD
## 01:03:03
Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it! https://t.co/mjuB6wz95B
