## 04:07:31
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “These radical politicians want to defund and abolish the police" https://t.co/xj10q6luv2
## 04:04:25
RT @GeraldoRivera: Interesting watching #NYT trying to worm its way out of #RussianBounty bullshit expose. No proof of any such specific pr…
## 23:05:24
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “Make no mistake, we hold China fully responsible for concealing the virus and unleashing it upo…
## 04:07:03
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @Mike_Pence: Under President @realDonaldTrump and his administration, we’re going to DEFEND the police! https…
## 23:05:30
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on Joe Biden's deep love for China and Biden's many gifts to the Chinese Communist Party https://…
## 04:03:09
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump stands for law and order—and today, he was joined at the White House by citizens whose lives hav…
## 04:03:26
RT @GOPChairwoman: Top pediatricians tell NBC they support reopening schools:
 
“Yes.”
“Absolutely.”
“Without a hesitation.”
“I have no con…
## 04:07:23
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on recent New York City violence: Shootings up 358%, over 300 people shot last month and NYPD ret…
## 04:03:40
RT @Mike_Pence: It is unconscionable that Democrats actually want to defund the police. President @realDonaldTrump and this Administration…
## 22:40:52
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a press conference https://t.co/6bVWoMiA2R
## 04:10:05
This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to! https://t.co/0f3o49q1pX
## 04:10:38
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump has a great record when it comes to the LGBT commun…
## 04:05:31
RT @WhiteHouse: "Reckless politicians have defamed our law enforcement heroes as the enemy."

They aren't the enemy. Today, President @real…
## 04:18:27
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 13:23:27
Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!
## 15:42:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. S…
## 15:37:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
## 04:14:24
RT @jsolomonReports: Trump legal adviser: Ballot harvesting unconstitutional if it creates ‘wide opportunity for fraud’ | Just The News htt…
## 04:05:04
The Economy is coming back fast! https://t.co/sp4GKeJfDA
## 04:07:11
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is pro-safety, pro-police and anti-crime! https://t.co/ojrT2Jxfda
## 15:40:18
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
## 23:05:33
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: Joe Biden never did anything except make very bad decisions for his 47 years in Washington https…
## 04:06:55
RT @TeamTrump: Elected Georgia Democrat @RepVernonJones to President @realDonaldTrump on protecting ALL lives: “I stand in solidarity with…
