## 00:21:08
RT @brithume: A NY Times columnist quits in disgust at what an organ of enforced orthodoxy the paper’s editorial pages have become. Read ev…
## 00:19:09
RT @RichLowry: Even if you are partisan Democrat, even if you are alarmed by developments in Fla, Tx, and Az, even if you oppose re-opening…
## 00:17:42
RT @foxnewsradio: On the #TreyGowdyPodcast, @TGowdySC is joined by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman @LindseyGrahamSC to discuss what he…
## 00:57:12
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
## 20:16:45
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President Trump delivers remarks on rolling back regulations https://t.co/IvJXkPLwOe
## 00:20:25
RT @NextRevFNC: 48 YEARS -- @JasonInTheHouse: Joe Biden had "48 years to do what he wanted to do. If you somehow think that he's going to b…
## 00:57:13
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!
## 00:17:38
RT @TGowdySC: Thank you for having me on your show @AmericaNewsroom. https://t.co/cpGDLNYXrP
## 03:13:11
THANK YOU @NAPOpolice and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &amp; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail! #LESM https://t.co/tJnA0EpuTR
## 23:48:37
RT @WhiteHouse: "We’re here today to celebrate and expand our historic campaign to rescue American workers from job-killing regulations." h…
## 23:48:53
RT @WhiteHouse: For every new regulation added, nearly EIGHT have been cut! https://t.co/DvdYmq1CBU
