## 13:31:53
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain (Democrat run) cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city.” Chad Wolf @DHSgov @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
## 18:13:16
They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins &amp; Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!
## 18:36:59
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews
## 23:18:06
https://t.co/A6FmrLBohO
## 13:17:46
New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways (and thinking!).
## 18:44:09
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
## 18:36:50
BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height (and, our Economy is coming back strong!).
## 12:14:42
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/Jwv5ko6Y3j
## 12:28:26
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
## 12:13:52
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester https://t.co/8iEBxSHm52 via @BreitbartNews. This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!
## 13:06:54
RT @realDonaldTrump: New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should r…
## 20:17:46
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (Mortality) Rate in the World. They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
## 12:26:47
If you want your 401k’s  and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
## 23:40:03
https://t.co/0k0lEIZYJx https://t.co/MXdWcCx4JD
## 12:33:07
Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &amp; officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, &amp; were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That &amp; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
## 18:40:10
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
## 13:39:13
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
## 18:24:06
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39%, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!
## 20:11:42
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
## 19:50:30
https://t.co/UofUgsWXXv https://t.co/DXr6rPYi6m
