## 12:14:58
RT @BuckSexton: The worst mayor in America seems to think his city isn’t under the jurisdiction of America
## 12:25:56
RT @NextRevFNC: UNIONS HINDERING SCHOOL OPENINGS -- @KimStrassel weighs in on the school choice debate and the role that teachers unions pl…
## 16:29:16
Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!
## 12:22:20
RT @MZHemingway: Could Media Please Stop Publishing Same NeverTrump Column? https://t.co/tNBipK5lyk
## 12:30:12
RT @DHS_Wolf: This headline and others like it are grossly inaccurate &amp; irresponsible.

Our officers are not "paramilitary." They are civil…
## 12:39:36
RT @BuckSexton: These “mostly peaceful protestors” sure do operate with the rehearsed  tactics and cohesive maneuver of a domestic terroris…
## 11:45:29
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
## 12:21:15
RT @willchamberlain: Matt Borges - the former chair of the Ohio Republican Party - set up a #NeverTrump PAC to try and elect Joe Biden

Tod…
## 12:24:49
RT @KimStrassel: As a native Oregonian, who still has friends/family there, i can attest that what is happening in Portland (and has been h…
## 12:15:24
RT @BuckSexton: A reminder that those who pander and bow to the mob will still be threatened and humiliated by it⬇️
## 12:38:38
RT @dbongino: Mayor Lightfoot is really giving De Blasio a run for his money for the mantle of “Worst Mayor in the United States.” 
It’s a…
## 12:37:19
RT @ByMikeBaker: People in the protest crowd react to Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler saying he won't commit to abolishing the police. https://t…
## 12:39:04
RT @RealJamesWoods: Didn’t hear about this on CNN though.
## 12:33:11
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Biden wishes public schools taught more about Islam; promises Muslims he will end terrorism-related ban on immig…
## 16:09:48
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
## 11:56:09
RT @RandPaul: We should all join @realDonaldTrump in advocating to stop our endless wars. Liz Cheney not only wants to stay forever, she’s…
## 12:24:30
RT @KimStrassel: This is what Joe Biden calls "peaceful."
## 18:46:40
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better! https://t.co/1NzbR57Oe6
## 12:08:39
RT @realJeffreyLord: FBI knew 'collusion' was a nothing-burger, but kept fake scandal alive anyway https://t.co/8rPFWIDhf1 via @nypost
## 12:39:49
RT @BuckSexton: The felony charges leveled against the armed St. Louis homeowners who refused to kneel to the protesters who broke onto the…
## 12:15:42
RT @MZHemingway: A February 2017 New a York Times story was a major driver of the Russia collusion hoax. New FBI notes show they quietly an…
## 12:31:29
RT @paulsperry_: Marxist activists are using the issue of race as a pretext to attack "individualism" and "the profit motive" -- the corner…
## 13:59:34
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
## 12:37:37
RT @BuckSexton: It’s not possible for Democrats to offer up this abject fool as the next president of the United States and expect the rest…
## 12:32:17
RT @paulsperry_: MYSTERY: Two other Russia-related investigations -- code-named "Cross Wind" and “Dragon” -- emerge from declassified docum…
## 12:40:44
RT @BuckSexton: De Blasio’s plan to completely ruin NYC is going incredibly well
## 12:27:46
RT @KimStrassel: The FBI’s Dossier Deceit: New evidence that the bureau knew the Russia info was phony in 2017. https://t.co/tomNjBHRgL
## 11:56:39
RT @RepMattGaetz: I'm fighting for President @realDonaldTrump's #AmericaFirst vision for the Republican party.

https://t.co/mZgy8cmNhy htt…
## 12:35:52
RT @newtgingrich: Joe Biden vows, should he win, he'd continue the fight against religious morals and nuns of the Little Sister of the Poor…
## 12:12:44
RT @BuckSexton: At least De Blasio, Wheeler, and Lightfoot give hope to other world class idiots that they too can be mayor of a major Amer…
## 12:29:08
RT @seanmdav: The same government officials who threw a woman in jail for opening a hair salon, arrested a pastor for leading worship, and…
## 12:03:33
RT @RepMattGaetz: President @realDonaldTrump wants to reopen businesses, reopen schools, reopen churches, and rebuild our economy.

https:/…
## 12:20:49
RT @John_Kass: The Biden promise is that if elected, the hysterical screaming will end &amp; #CancelCulture won’t come for your kids or for you…
## 12:28:26
RT @KimStrassel: I love this column. 
Fine, ban the Washington Redskins. Then move on to my long list of terrible team names, writes @danhe…
## 12:31:07
RT @TocRadio: NEW: Daily Caller has learned that Ben Carson and HUD are ending the Obama-era Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule on…
## 12:44:12
We did great things, but it doesn’t matter to the Dems! https://t.co/itApu2V1JU
## 12:41:52
RT @BuckSexton: Strong covid briefing by President Trump 

Serious, fact based, calm but in command 

Even the journos were reasonably well…
## 12:19:09
RT @MZHemingway: FWIW, quite a few people in recent weeks who generally like Cheney -- including those not on the Hill -- were extremely di…
## 12:39:20
RT @BuckSexton: “Most [of the ‘moms’] aren’t mothers and many don’t even identify as female”
## 12:19:32
RT @MZHemingway: Even the news hosts seem dramatically unaware that we're up to nearly 800,000 tests per day in the country.
## 12:07:00
RT @BorisEP: Another example of terrible liberal leadership.

This would be all of America under @JoeBiden.

That America would be a SCARY…
## 12:34:57
RT @TomCottonAR: The New York Times:

Explicit Chinese propaganda: no problem. 

Op-ed from a Republican Senator supported by most American…
## 12:40:32
RT @BuckSexton: While atrocities like this are constantly happening in America’s 3rd largest city, Democrats’ insane response is to make it…
## 12:29:43
RT @TXTylerNorris: Mayor who wishes to defund police urges citizens who supposedly hate the police to police the police by calling the poli…
## 12:31:37
RT @paulsperry_: The FBI’s Dossier Deceit
New evidence that the bureau knew the Russia info was phony in 2017.
https://t.co/lwIlh4pCaa
## 12:17:46
RT @MZHemingway: Quick Twitter request here. I'm looking for videos of "peaceful protesters" from the recent riots who are blocking cameras…
## 21:25:34
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/4Hy92b3kD7
## 20:53:13
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
## 12:32:52
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Brian Auten, the FBI Supervisory Intelligence Analyst who wrote memo on how Steele's primary source told FBI dos…
## 12:17:11
RT @brithume: Quote: “Even if the charges are dis­missed, or the McCloskeys are par­doned af­ter be­ing con­victed, again we have a pub­lic…
## 12:25:09
RT @KimStrassel: George Orwell’s observation that language shapes thought holds true for Covid-19 and Black Lives Matter, writes @gerardtba…
## 12:12:01
Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success? https://t.co/npPUfQ4LLL
## 12:14:31
John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all! https://t.co/dYk0dsxkG5
## 23:43:11
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL! https://t.co/dhLSfNkI7L
## 12:25:28
RT @KimStrassel: Put another way: Elected officials abdicate responsibility to provide law and order, and further threaten citizens who att…
