## 20:04:12
RT @Southcom: “I’m proud to say the efforts are making a difference, Mr. President, &amp; they’re saving lives.”

#SOUTHCOM’s Adm. Craig Faller…
## 11:51:52
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
## 04:46:05
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Which side ignored this story? Hmmm. Trump signs executive order expanding educational and economic opportunities to Hi…
## 15:49:41
... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
## 23:26:33
I LOVE @GoyaFoods!
## 11:51:56
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?
## 22:49:21
https://t.co/jPqjNxUdZs https://t.co/Eh9nRhfM0Z
## 14:57:55
On my way to U.S. Southern Command (@Southcom) in the Great State of Florida! https://t.co/I01MoT1EEY
## 20:03:54
RT @Southcom: “We’ve had 15% more disruptions -- that’s detainees, that’s drugs off the street… 122 metric tons.”

#SOUTHCOM’s Adm. Craig F…
## 17:11:32
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump receives a briefing at @Southcom https://t.co/x5yovjfTMT
## 11:35:05
The great @LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly. “The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever”, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at https://t.co/ytLH14Thkr  A great honor, Lou!
## 02:02:35
https://t.co/whX8SZ6y79
## 16:29:52
RT @DHS_Wolf: We will always prevail. God Bless America!
https://t.co/n9HoKu5qaw
## 11:41:13
Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It won’t!!!
## 11:51:57
“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
## 17:11:20
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon! #MAGA2020
## 04:37:38
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96%. Thank You!
## 15:49:40
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
## 20:02:42
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump is at @Southcom for an update on efforts to combat the flow of illegal drugs across the Western Hemisphere.…
## 11:43:02
Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you! https://t.co/1BLKlJS0Ie
## 20:02:50
RT @WhiteHouse: This Administration is committed to dismantling the criminal cartels that have been responsible for the deaths of thousands…
