## 18:42:48
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
## 12:10:22
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!
## 20:22:47
Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
## 12:46:09
With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
## 21:20:03
https://t.co/DzCU5kF6Mm
## 19:03:00
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump participates in a roundtable on donating plasma https://t.co/pMnAQKQJig
## 13:20:15
Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!
## 18:42:50
...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. @FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace! https://t.co/GNUf5jHjX0
## 14:26:24
Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @Varneyco
## 20:23:17
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA
## 22:45:25
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!

🌐https://t.co/YLpBCgf837 https://t.co/IyO4livTLm
## 13:44:26
Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!
## 22:34:05
As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August! https://t.co/AWl0dYfY1w
## 21:42:11
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/VJN1DydCRK
## 12:33:47
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ
## 20:22:14
Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!).
## 23:33:13
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike! https://t.co/lWsYn4lhOm
