## 16:56:18
The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!
## 02:42:57
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the Democrat Party's radical environmental policies: They want to "make it impossible economic…
## 12:42:50
We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!
## 02:57:18
RT @GOP: School shutdowns hurt the most vulnerable students across our country.
 
The stories out of Mississippi’s Jackson Public School Di…
## 02:56:18
RT @GOP: “...The increases in taxes would be expanded to include taxpayers &amp; working people of just about all income levels. It also means…
## 02:57:06
RT @GOP: “If you need more evidence that Democrats have abandoned the hard-working men and women of this country, look no further than Bide…
## 02:58:06
RT @GOP: The Radical Left wants open borders. 
 
It’s time to let them know just how WRONG they are. 
 
Take the Official Survey NOW!
https…
## 16:56:44
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 02:56:51
RT @GOP: .@realDonaldTrump's tax cuts are working for everyday Americans!
 
The Tax Cuts &amp; Jobs Act continues to boost job growth, increase…
## 11:45:33
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 17:14:33
So we catch Obama &amp; Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
## 02:59:09
RT @GOP: Joe Biden is on a mission to eliminate as many American jobs as possible.
 
No wonder union workers in Pennsylvania tell the Washi…
## 02:44:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: President @realDonaldTrump is spot on.
 
“[Democrats] want to bury our economy under suffocating, relentless landslides…
