## 19:37:56
The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
## 19:02:42
We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!
## 19:31:36
Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
## 21:31:00
I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU! #LESM https://t.co/THl3IUf19Y
## 14:08:43
.....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
## 13:15:34
https://t.co/O8bK1Ewtqu
## 19:06:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesse…
## 18:09:12
RT @Jim_Jordan: Can’t go to church.
Can’t go to work. 
Can’t go to school.

Even Dr. Fauci says protesting is dangerous.

But Democrats enc…
## 19:05:20
.@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
https://t.co/VGeHlzYfwy
## 19:37:11
Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
## 19:33:37
Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!
## 14:08:42
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES..
## 18:03:12
Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made! https://t.co/8Oeca9H3yq
## 21:36:40
https://t.co/t6R84x4PbP
## 19:55:35
RT @SteveScalise: WATCH → Dr. Fauci says @realDonaldTrump's leadership saved lives and that he was in agreement on the decisions.

Did stop…
