## 23:08:57
Congratulations to my friend President @AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!
## 12:05:39
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
## 11:54:38
“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends
## 21:15:38
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the incredible job of law enforcement: “I want to thank the various police departments, law en…
## 10:59:56
RT @chuckwoolery: The most outrageous lies are the ones about Covid 19. Everyone is lying. The CDC, Media, Democrats, our Doctors, not all…
## 13:57:06
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
## 11:35:25
RT @realDonaldTrump: No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monu…
## 11:28:37
RT @chuckwoolery: There is so much evidence, yes scientific evidence, that schools should open this fall. It's worldwide and it's overwhelm…
## 23:22:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tony Gonzales (@TonyGonzales4TX) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, L…
## 13:31:38
The Silent Majority will reign!
## 11:30:37
RT @MarkYoungTruth: So based on Dr. Fauci and the Democrats, I will need an ID card to go shopping but not to vote?
## 21:14:38
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a roundtable https://t.co/zWvyV2zQce
## 11:41:35
Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA! https://t.co/dtJm3J2BPr
## 12:52:05
RT @bennyjohnson: Rep. @MattGaetz: “There’s an attempted cultural genocide going on in America right now and it calls for patriots to stand…
## 23:26:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: Admiral Ronny Jackson (@RonnyJackson4TX) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13. S…
## 23:25:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Session…
## 11:36:03
RT @realDonaldTrump: We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of…
## 13:30:42
So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
## 11:35:12
RT @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/suOYyreoAH
## 11:32:55
RT @chuckwoolery: Very well said.
## 11:32:12
RT @LouDobbs: Incredible What Biden Has Gotten Away With!  #MAGA #AmericaFirst
