## 03:14:28
RT @JohnBasham: REPORT: More Evidence is submitted to a federal court by Assoc of American Physicians &amp; Surgeons (@AAPSonline) as part of i…
## 22:00:29
RT @WhiteHouse: We must never be reliant on a foreign nation for America's needs. 

"Restoring American manufacturing is a core matter of n…
## 03:30:47
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My new book is now available for pre-orders! LIBERAL PRIVILEGE! Sleepy Joe wont like this one... but lets be honest he…
## 03:29:28
RT @BreitbartNews: Failed Democrat leadership in major cities has reminded working-class Americans of all the reasons Law &amp; Order must be r…
## 02:58:41
....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
## 03:08:00
RT @LittleMsOpinion: How many people in NY died because Cuomo refused to allow them to try  #Hydroxychloroquine ? HOW MANY?
## 21:54:24
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on rapid vaccine development https://t.co/UWLvxuoApR
## 03:22:46
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people…
## 22:13:39
RT @LouDobbs: Tackling the Pandemic: @realDonaldTrump announces a historic $765m deal with Kodak to bring medical manufacturing back to the…
## 03:22:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildin…
## 03:22:44
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would…
## 21:54:10
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will enact his 33rd use of the Defense Production Act https://t.co/UYfAXV3iGH
## 03:14:43
RT @AdrianaCohen16: .⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ took so much blowback for saying #Hydroxychloroquine could be a game changer. Then this 👇👇 https://…
## 21:53:47
RT @WhiteHouse: Our 33rd use of the Defense Production Act will mobilize Kodak to make generic, active pharmaceutical ingredients. https://…
## 12:53:44
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!
## 03:07:45
RT @JosephJFlynn1: She’s a fearless warrior for the truth.....debunking the left wing narrative on #Hydroxychloroquine that is why they wan…
## 21:54:43
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is taking bold action to ensure that Americans are no longer reliant on foreign countries for cr…
## 03:22:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 03:19:27
RT @biobiobiobior: 🔴 REMINDER - July 25, 2020: 62 studies confirm the effectiveness of hydroxychloroquine.  Deafening silence of the Mainst…
## 21:54:14
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “We will bring back our jobs and we will make America the world's premier medical manufacturer a…
## 22:08:53
RT @WhiteHouse: We are building the greatest medical arsenal in history! https://t.co/M8FfLgseAs
## 03:12:41
RT @TomFitton: #Hydroxychloroquine could save up to 100,000 lives if used for COVID-19: Yale epidemiology professor https://t.co/3gHxNFdCwF…
## 02:23:04
RT @elonmusk: The left is losing the middle
## 22:13:05
RT @LouDobbs: Extraordinary Accomplishment: @jsolomonReports says President @realDonaldTrump’s historic deal with Kodak should be front pag…
## 03:07:32
RT @TheRightMelissa: 6000 doctors surveyed across the world all said #Hydroxychloroquine works in Covid patients. Multiple Studies in Franc…
## 13:48:34
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
## 21:53:44
RT @WhiteHouse: We have reached a historic deal with @Kodak to begin producing critical pharmaceutical ingredients right here in America! h…
## 22:08:50
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is working to ensure that AMERICA produces the critical goods necessary to combat COVID-19 here…
## 13:48:33
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
## 03:12:47
RT @JohnRuddick2: "As a prof of epidemiology I have authored over 300 peer-reviewed papers. I'm fighting for a treatment the data supports…
## 21:21:00
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump holds a news conference https://t.co/WDRDU18TYU
## 03:23:25
RT @realDonaldTrump: So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They…
## 03:16:17
RT @WarRoomPandemic: Dr. Lee Vliet: Dr. Fauci has misled the American public on many issues, but in particular, on dismissing #hydroxychlor…
## 03:27:50
RT @robbystarbuck: This press conference of doctors had 14 million views on Facebook today. FB took it down shortly after a NYTimes reporte…
