## 12:50:55
“We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time.” @MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
## 22:29:27
RT @WhiteHouse: "The executive order I will sign in a few moments will expand our efforts across all of federal government to deliver educa…
## 11:48:30
RT @DanScavino: President Trump arrives in Guilford, Maine! #MAGA2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/dTC24vzNgX
## 12:39:33
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!
## 15:35:14
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
## 12:52:08
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!
## 12:40:52
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 14:38:12
The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!
## 23:12:42
https://t.co/iR72FagTVu
## 16:14:01
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
## 11:47:32
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/keqO45IELs
## 03:45:14
RT @realDonaldTrump: Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Vi…
## 22:32:00
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
## 15:35:13
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
## 03:45:13
THANK YOU! #MAGA2020 
https://t.co/Eecj1gGGHS
## 03:44:48
RT @realDonaldTrump: In Germany, Denmark, Norway,  Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it wo…
## 14:38:59
Courts in the past have given “broad deference”. BUT NOT ME!
## 00:09:04
https://t.co/MH3vlxc5Ae https://t.co/YZV1D94h8O
