## 10:51:01
RT @JDRucker: A primary win by @laurenboebert, an unabashed conservative supporter of @realDonaldTrump, bodes well for patriots looking for…
## 11:09:21
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited @nytimes has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!
## 03:29:59
Congratulations on a really great win! https://t.co/rMpFiV6LvY
## 01:02:50
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden's Campaign for President: A Silent Film https://t.co/8f4WzTw2BI
## 01:54:55
She gets fired by @CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by @FoxNews. Where are you Roger Ailes? https://t.co/XVwzt3Me5d
## 01:20:21
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
## 11:23:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE LONE WARRIOR!
## 11:21:44
RT @EricTrump: More Voter Fraud... https://t.co/G5WAHoMNIZ
## 02:21:43
RT @TeamTrump: Thanks to unprecedented action by President @realDonaldTrump the United States leads the world in coronavirus testing!

33 m…
## 10:50:18
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME  The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety &amp; security!
## 03:02:42
RT @AnthemRespect: Most Important Video of All-Time
by @realDonaldTrump.

Why the corrupt establishment HAD TO stop Trump from being electe…
## 03:01:40
RT @AnthemRespect: @realDonaldTrump Why on earth would FoxNews hire disgraced Donna Brazile after she was caught interfering with an electi…
## 13:48:48
....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &amp; disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
## 11:21:20
RT @EricTrump: Biden: “I'm going to get rid of most of Trump's tax cuts” - I’m sure that would be good for the economy, wages, jobs and 401…
## 03:03:33
RT @Lrihendry: Trish Regan fired from Fox News for telling the truth

Diamond &amp; Silk fired from Fox News for telling the truth

How many mo…
## 03:22:08
RT @gaye_gallops: BAD BOY BRENNAN!

HUGE!

Per His Lawyer -FLYNN TARGETED - "He Knew About the BILLIONS Brennan and Co. Were Running Off th…
## 02:06:04
RT @MrMichaelBurkes: I registered 19 more Republicans today, i had several Walk Away's. They said they'll never vote Democrat again! #VoteR…
## 03:05:25
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/RZlHu0AOdj
## 11:31:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will…
## 01:00:58
RT @EricTrump: Amazing Quarter for the Markets!!! The DOW has the best quarter in 33 years (up 17.77%). Likewise the NASDAQ is up 30.63% in…
## 02:05:11
RT @Chicago1Ray: Kudos to @TheLeoTerrell for speaking up for what he sees as a takeover of his heritage by BLM/They don't speak for me " (B…
## 11:12:00
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
## 02:22:13
RT @DiamondandSilk: We the people are with you!
## 02:01:44
He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world! https://t.co/TRX8XdaKgg
## 12:30:27
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
## 10:53:32
Can’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
## 02:30:14
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!
## 02:20:25
RT @GOPChairwoman: Consumer confidence smashed expectations in June!
 
This is further proof that @realDonaldTrump’s Great American Comebac…
## 11:30:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Pa…
## 02:22:01
RT @EricTrump: You truly are and it’s why America loves and appreciates you!
## 02:21:27
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has fully embraced the radical left’s agenda:

He supports Green New Deal policies that would destroy millions…
## 12:07:26
“No corroborating evidence to back reports.” Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &amp; the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
## 11:05:07
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!
## 10:48:13
Happening fast! https://t.co/OPNWib2t0K
## 03:58:14
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren (of all people!) Amendment, which will lead to the renaming (plus other bad things!) of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!
## 11:19:44
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401k’s, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
## 11:26:21
RT @SenateGOP: Since Democrats won’t speak out against the destruction happening in liberal cities across America…
 
We will. https://t.co/…
## 03:08:32
RT @TeresaEdelglass: 🚨🚨1 in 5 Mail-In Ballots Rejected as Fraudulent in NJ Election🚨🚨

NJ 7/7 primary is mail-in only, machine voting for d…
## 11:24:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/bnQMEO2i9u
