## 11:25:27
RT @seanhannity: CHICAGO LEADERS: City Witnessing Crime of ‘Biblical Proportion,’ Mayor Unable to ‘Maintain Law and Order’ https://t.co/HN0…
## 19:57:46
Great to be in Texas!
## 15:54:02
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!
## 17:02:33
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
## 22:21:37
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump will ALWAYS put America first! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/IaJLY7GDn5
## 22:15:53
.@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov
## 20:31:34
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks on energy dominance https://t.co/y4hvLoRLIc
## 22:28:15
New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
## 19:45:14
https://t.co/rGwz4N6PwW
## 11:53:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are…
## 11:53:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The…
## 19:56:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
## 11:30:35
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
## 11:22:10
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Are you ready for the extraordinary turmoil that a Joe #Biden win would bring on?" #Democrats #2020Election #VarneyCo h…
## 11:22:51
RT @BuckSexton: No matter what @realDonaldTrump did, what he closed down, how many masks he wore, @TheDemocrats were going to use his respo…
## 16:58:01
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
## 16:59:19
Just landed in the Great State of Texas! https://t.co/Z9LjIU0Uec
## 11:26:41
RT @seanhannity: GRAHAM: The FBI ‘Lied Their A** OFF’ to Congress about FISA Warrant, Steele Dossier https://t.co/32evEJ80jU
## 04:07:14
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany on the @realDonaldTrump administration’s effort to develop a China Virus vaccin…
## 15:56:51
Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!
## 19:56:36
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 16:19:55
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
## 11:17:14
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Shocking: AP Reporter Embedded with Federal Officers in Portland Describes Rioters' Violent Attacks https://t.co/vRjVbn8…
## 16:26:25
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...
## 15:54:27
I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
## 15:52:08
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
## 11:21:13
RT @Varneyco: President Trump can no longer hold in-person rallies during the #pandemic but @ErinMPerrine says that his base is as supporti…
## 04:07:41
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is deploying a four-part strategy to protect America's most vulnerable seniors from the Coronavi…
## 11:24:58
“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
## 16:07:56
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
## 11:20:05
Great going to a very talented group! https://t.co/Iyw3yOEoN2
## 15:55:11
BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
## 15:53:46
I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
## 23:24:48
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station! 
https://t.co/23tOdt1hYc
## 11:20:36
RT @Varneyco: On Wednesday, major big #tech leaders are meeting with Congress to discuss potential #regulations. We asked @RepKenBuck - wha…
## 16:19:56
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
## 11:22:31
RT @WashTimesOpEd: Andrew P. Napolitano: “Feds may not deploy police or military domestically unless the state governor requests it.” @judg…
## 22:22:05
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: “I don’t think Biden’s going to do too well in Texas," especially with no fracking part of his p…
## 16:26:26
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
## 11:30:50
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 23:39:44
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
## 11:26:04
RT @seanhannity: REPORT: New York City Spent $52 Million on Temporary Hospital that Treated 79 Coronavirus Patients https://t.co/xdCsAm5Iuw
## 19:46:37
https://t.co/6WIUe9lT9D
## 17:02:36
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
## 22:22:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that th…
## 11:20:54
RT @Varneyco: With #NewYork still counting votes from its previous #primary election, many are wondering if the same will happen for the #2…
## 11:23:11
RT @NikkiHaley: "Look at the difference between Biden &amp; Pres Trump. Who is the person that moved the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem? Wh…
## 11:18:38
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!  #2020 https://t.co/ktRw2pJUFa
## 11:23:29
RT @trish_regan: New national survey finds 62% of voters say today’s political climate prevents them from saying what they believe. 

I’m s…
## 11:25:45
RT @seanhannity: The Heat Is ON: Biden Campaign Goes On Defense Over Senate Burisma Investigation https://t.co/8m8hEBXgk9
