## 01:32:53
Thank you Wildwood, New Jersey! #KeepAmericaGreat🇺🇸https://t.co/Lbt8IKeNYu
## 02:18:24
RT @SenRickScott: This is just like the Kavanaugh hearings. Democrats are always going to find something to add to their list of grievances…
## 01:37:45
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020 https://t.co/Kq5KFhQmgH
## 02:05:54
RT @SenateGOP: Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

The American people have heard enough.

People realize this is partisan &amp; political. 

I’m comfo…
## 02:05:40
RT @SenThomTillis: The only thing we’ve seen from the #impeachment trial is a political exercise by Chuck and Nancy to prevent us from cont…
## 02:07:07
RT @GOPLeader: In a matter of hours, the President's legal team blew apart months of lies from Chairman Adam Schiff.
 
It's time to move on…
## 02:05:44
RT @HawleyMO: After listening to the Dems’ 20+ hours of argument and the rebuttal arguments from @realDonaldTrump, I’ve got lots of questio…
## 02:05:32
RT @SenTedCruz: I am confident that at the end of this process, @realDonaldTrump will be acquitted.

https://t.co/OklKc1vcjg
## 02:25:15
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced Transcripts, it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
## 01:58:49
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Today, @realDonaldTrump’s defense team finished their opening argument. 

They made it clear that the House impeached…
## 05:07:05
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said, not that it matters, NOTHING!
## 02:05:22
RT @SenTedCruz: WATCH 📺 @FoxNews at 8pm CT —&gt; I’ll be joining @seanhannity to discuss the final day of oral arguments and what’s next in th…
## 01:41:48
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way, can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all! https://t.co/5NeC0mFWfU
## 02:05:52
RT @SenateGOP: WATCH

In his closing remarks, @realdonaldtrump's Counsel Pat Cippolone plays old footage of MULTIPLE DEMOCRATS (including c…
## 01:58:14
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I’m increasingly optimistic this ends Friday. ...The defense team destroyed the House case.

Check out my conversation…
