## 13:39:16
RT @wef: US President @realDonaldTrump spoke at #wef20, telling the audience the United States is in the midst of an economic boom.

Find o…
## 19:08:04
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
## 00:46:13
Excellent! https://t.co/5OBYCFQCQo
## 01:36:43
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to @WHNSC Ambassador Robert O’Brien and Ambassador @RichardGrenell! https://t.co/0qSLryG96B
## 01:26:55
Representative Randy Weber (@TxRandy14) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, and our great Military &amp; Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
## 01:45:51
“It’s about the Economy, stupid”, except when it comes to Trump. The fact is, the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy, and how incredible it is!
## 01:59:50
THE BEST IS YET TO COME! https://t.co/YBMOBurdHQ
## 13:25:01
Congratulations on your big @UFC WIN! https://t.co/135dOECsEf
## 01:24:20
Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border &amp; Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military &amp; our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total &amp; Complete Endorsement!
## 01:26:11
Representative John Carter (@JudgeJohnCarter) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets, and Strong on our #2A. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 00:59:38
Heading to Davos, Switzerland, to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe, by FAR!!
