## 00:35:31
It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the @WhiteHouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs, excellent schools, affordable healthcare, and safe communities for all of our people! https://t.co/QwYzS32lyQ
## 19:54:36
RT @GOPLeader: No wonder Chairman Adam Schiff wouldn’t let the President’s lawyers participate in his sham hearings. They just dismantled h…
## 14:37:54
Our case against lyin’, cheatin’, liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, their leader, dumb as a rock AOC, &amp; the entire Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrat Party, starts today at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews, @OANN or Fake News @CNN or Fake News MSDNC!
## 19:56:12
RT @marklevinshow: Media and Democrats glum.  President’s lawyers shredding the House Democrats’ unconstitutional impeachment.  Unraveling…
## 21:03:44
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Videos @RepAdamSchiff showed repeatedly in the impeachment trial withheld critical information. We will continue to he…
## 19:55:57
RT @marklevinshow: 1. How many legal analysts on TV insisted the president’s team must not argue the facts because the facts don’t help the…
## 19:39:03
RT @JudicialWatch: Americans need an Intelligence Committee that can be trusted, and Representative #AdamSchiff has proven that he cannot b…
## 21:57:34
“You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case, unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. We’re doing a great job on the economy, we’re building our military, look.....
## 19:31:00
RT @GreggJarrett: Comey (and the Media’s) Coverup Unravels https://t.co/eBWLJW4E2x
## 20:28:46
RT @RepMarkMeadows: 3 days of Democrat arguments were just shredded in 2 hours
## 19:54:25
RT @RepMarkMeadows: There is no other way to spin it: The response today from the President’s legal team has been absolutely devastating to…
## 20:13:15
RT @SenJoniErnst: Just wrapped up today’s opening arguments by the White House.

While all this is going on in DC, back home Iowans are exc…
## 21:05:24
RT @dcexaminer: .@SenatorBraun: @repadamschiff's credibility "is going to start to tank," as the impeachment trial continues.

"From where…
## 18:44:45
RT @RepByrne: Democrat impeachment managers attempted to make their case over three long days. Today, @realDonaldTrump's legal team destroy…
## 20:46:41
Martha is a great leader on this issue! https://t.co/yl5ly5nwdv
## 18:43:54
RT @SteveScalise: President Trump's legal team completely destroyed 3 days of Adam Schiff's false allegations in just 2 hours. Today was de…
## 01:42:28
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Since @realDonaldTrump took office, we’ve added 7 million new jobs, consumer confidence &amp; the stock market are at all-…
## 20:40:22
RT @DebbieLesko: What a crowd this morning with @AZGOP and @dougducey @DrPaulGosar @andybiggs4az @DavidSchweikert @kelliwardaz! Arizona Rep…
## 19:44:30
Thank you Nick! https://t.co/hZTLVa2ROU
## 19:41:02
RT @RedState: DOJ Responds to Andrew McCabe's Lawsuit and It's an Absolute Beatdown https://t.co/IT6N71pHEq
## 21:06:56
RT @SenRickScott: Today, the @whitehouse team presented facts, not partisan rhetoric and innuendo. 

Put simply, @RepAdamSchiff got knee-ca…
## 01:54:33
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Adam Schiff thinks he can talk about trust.

You can't trust Adam Schiff with the truth.

He falsely retold the 7/25 co…
## 02:31:50
RT @HawleyMO: Schiff &amp; Co end as they began: insulting senators, calling @realDonaldTrump a dictator, and disparaging the will of the voters
## 21:57:38
....at the judges that we have right now.
## 01:42:39
RT @MarshaBlackburn: This obsession with impeachment* is out of hand. 

Tennesseans have their priorities straight: trade, border security,…
## 21:10:41
RT @SenatorBraun: REPORTER: So you're saying that it's okay for a President to ask a foreign leader to investigate a political rival and wi…
## 20:43:22
RT @ronaldjhansen: No one seems to be having more fun or getting a warmer reception at @AZGOP meeting than @RepDLesko, who is part of @real…
## 21:11:37
RT @SenRickScott: The law enforcement from @ESCOnews and NAS Pensacola that responded to the terrorist attack last month are heroes who des…
## 01:50:44
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/ZPoaFDppg2
## 19:29:26
RT @GreggJarrett: This entire impeachment process has been the true 'abuse of power' for political gain by the Democrats and especially Nan…
## 15:49:44
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/VfuXE5eUQW
## 01:59:08
Check out @seanhannity now on @FoxNews. Big tonight!
## 03:22:27
RT @RandPaul: 36 hours of ad hominem attacks by Schiff et al can’t erase the irony that the Democrats are doing exactly what they accuse @r…
## 01:41:39
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

Adam Schiff says he doesn't trust the voters.

He didn't trust them in 2016 and doesn…
## 19:57:56
RT @SenateGOP: Conference Chairman @SenJohnBarrasso:

When @realdonaldtrump's counsel read the transcript of the phone call and then played…
## 20:37:23
Three great men! https://t.co/3W3xqgqgwq
## 20:04:45
RT @trish_regan: #ICYMI #Dems so blinded by hate for Trump, they’re handing him the #2020 election! This week will go down in history as th…
## 20:29:10
RT @RepMikeJohnson: I litigated high-profile constitutional law cases in federal courts for 20 yrs before coming to Congress--and I have ne…
## 03:21:54
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Absolutely stunning to see Washington Democrats on the Senate Floor today not only peddling flimsy allegations regardin…
## 21:08:24
RT @benyc: .@SenJoniErnst says Trump's team "entirely shredded" the case from the House managers. 

"It was full of truths and facts, as pr…
## 14:19:35
....secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office, and they’re not going to succeed.” Pastor Robert Jeffress, author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life”  Thank you Pastor! @LouDobbs @FoxBus
## 01:54:47
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Pres Obama refused to provide lethal aid to Ukraine. His team didn't want to upset Putin.

Pres Trump provided lethal aid…
## 13:59:34
....intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.”
## 01:52:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: #MarchForLife 
https://t.co/5Yg09dOoJd
## 20:30:12
RT @replouiegohmert: ICYMI: Discussed the impeachment trial in the Senate with @trish_regan. Watch the full interview here: https://t.co/TA…
## 20:11:45
Such a great family! https://t.co/M39vQS5crN
## 01:41:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old “stuff” on the Impeachme…
## 21:08:48
RT @HawleyMO: Powerful, professional opening presentation today by @realDonaldTrump attorneys. Methodically used Dems’ own evidence to demo…
## 01:54:12
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Adam Schiff and the #ShamImpeachment mis-managers are making a better case for changing the channel than impeaching @re…
## 00:28:17
https://t.co/c1KBtLnbQn https://t.co/ZPoaFDppg2
## 18:41:03
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY, including the Democrats, truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
## 20:39:57
RT @dougducey: Excited to kick off the annual AZGOP state meeting! Thanks to all our hardworking PCs and volunteers — your tireless work is…
## 01:55:10
RT @HawleyMO: Schiff today laid bare the liberal hysteria motivating impeachment. Talked repeatedly about a “coup,” said @realDonaldTrump w…
## 19:54:52
RT @LouDobbs: President’s lawyers dissected the Radical Dems efforts to overthrow @realDonaldTrump under the guise of what has been clearly…
## 19:50:45
RT @DanScavino: "This is a disgrace to mankind and a disgrace to the people of the United States of America. This is a crime: an impeachmen…
## 19:57:26
RT @Jim_Jordan: 2 hours of truth beats over 20 hours of presumptions, assumptions, and hearsay.
## 19:40:05
RT @BreitbartNews: “That’s where he lost me.”

Schiff just stepped in it BIG TIME if he's hoping to turn moderate Republicans against Trump…
## 19:56:00
RT @marklevinshow: 2. Kudos to the president’s legal team.  Now, ignore the “analysts” and enjoy the rest of  your Saturday. You’ve reason…
## 21:04:56
RT @SenatorBraun: Adam Schiff has been involved with this since the Mueller Report fell flat, and today he was caught in 2 contradictions:…
## 19:38:38
RT @JudicialWatch: SENATE SHOULD DISMISS @REALDONALDTRUMP IMPEACHMENT -- INVESTIGATE SCHIFF'S MISCONDUCT! @Daily caller @judicialwatch http…
## 19:31:16
RT @GreggJarrett: New Poll Shows Dem’s Impeachment Hopes are Doomed https://t.co/3vT2rK2Y9F
## 21:04:14
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Today, we heard a presentation that was strong, that was clear &amp; that completely undermined the case of Democrats agai…
## 22:05:57
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator, Jim Inhofe, of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
## 20:28:38
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: In 2 hours, President @realDonaldTrump's team masterfully presented arguments that completely dismantles the Democrats'…
## 03:19:54
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Tomorrow, the White House will be able to make its case, &amp; for the first time, the defense of @realDonaldTrump will be…
## 03:21:31
RT @SenatorTimScott: The facts are clear, House Democrats aren't interested in removing POTUS now (because they know they can't), they're i…
## 19:37:33
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name…
## 03:22:13
RT @HouseGOP: "The American people see this for what it is, which is a disingenuous attack on the President. The Democrats keep saying, 'Ou…
