## 05:34:32
RT @NRSC: "Good news doesn’t always make the evening broadcasts or the front page, but 2019 was incredibly successful for the people of Col…
## 06:48:31
Making great progress in @Davos. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
## 05:03:26
RT @GOP: “[Schiff] went to the House and he manufactured a fraudulent version of that call… He read it to the American people and he didn’t…
## 05:01:25
RT @GOPLeader: Speaker Pelosi's impeachment managers:
◦ Chairman Schiff—who has repeatedly lied &amp; tried to hide the facts
◦ Chairman Nadler…
## 04:58:23
RT @KatiePavlich: Schiff is claiming the Senate must call "important witnesses" instead of "kicking the can down the road" on calling witne…
## 05:36:20
RT @NRSC: 🚨UPDATE: The Senate passed the USMCA trade agreement! Huge win for American jobs! https://t.co/PjH8QNlkTV
## 05:23:01
RT @WhiteHouse: Gianni Infantino, President of FIFA, introduces President @realDonaldTrump at a dinner with global CEOs! #wef20 https://t.c…
## 05:22:40
RT @TeamTrump: .@JaySekulow: Schiff's trifecta violates the Constitution

President @realDonaldTrump was denied the right to:

1⃣Cross exam…
## 06:11:24
RT @HawleyMO: So far in #impeachment this much is clear: 1. Dems not ready to try their case. Totally unprepared. 2. This is STILL all abou…
## 05:23:15
RT @Scavino45: A great day for the United States of America at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland!

“AMERICA is thriving. AMERI…
## 05:25:28
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: "If I showed up in any court in this country, and I said: ‘Judge, my case is overwhelming, but I’m not ready to go yet.…
## 05:05:51
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: What's dangerous for the future of this nation is officials like Adam Schiff in control, who will falsely recite a conv…
## 05:04:38
RT @GOP: Today, Adam Schiff once again tried to mislead the American people about this impeachment sham.
 
Schiff urged the Senate to hold…
## 05:24:01
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@realDonaldTrump : US has among cleanest air, drinking water on Earth https://t.co/in8nfknUb6 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusin…
## 05:35:18
RT @NRSC: This has really come full circle for @Hickenlooper... First, it was accepting private jet rides and luxury hotel stays that got h…
## 05:35:08
RT @NRSC: .@Hickenlooper may have been misusing CO funds long before he started paying his legal bills from a 9/11 recovery fund - Colorada…
## 05:22:48
RT @TeamTrump: White House Counsel Pat Cipollone: We believe that once you hear the initial presentations, the only conclusion will be that…
## 05:12:08
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump repeatedly warned against incompetent &amp; corrupt politicians in Puerto Rico managing disaster aid.
 
Th…
## 09:32:48
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A.M. Eastern by @JoeSquawk on @CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
## 05:01:15
RT @SenateGOP: "This is the first time in history where a president has been impeached for a non-crime, for events that never occurred."

-…
## 05:03:12
RT @RepTedBudd: Today the baseless impeachment case heads to a Senate trial.

"We trust the Senate will do what the House did not—conduct i…
## 05:29:16
Wow! https://t.co/drmhQQ6CL3
## 05:30:42
RT @ScottforFlorida: The Democrats are trying to overturn @realDonaldTrump’s historic 2016 election win. They just hate Trump. That’s all t…
## 04:58:33
RT @RepDLesko: Democrats rushed to impeach President @realDonaldTrump, ignoring due process along the way. 

Then, they sat on the articles…
## 06:11:22
RT @HawleyMO: It is amazing to watch Adam Schiff practically shove his co-managers aside to get to the microphone. His plan seems to be to…
## 05:09:45
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans are sick of the Swamp. They want results, not partisan theater.

No matter what manufactured drama is unfolding i…
## 23:18:38
RT @RepDougCollins: Chairman Schiff restricted Republican witnesses in the House.
 
Rules Committee Democrats claimed "plenty of witnesses…
## 06:09:49
RT @SenRickScott: The @SenateDems are arguing about process because the case brought by House Dems is weak &amp; lacking substance. 

There wil…
## 05:27:22
RT @marc_lotter: Listening to Democrats whine about fairness is comical. Democrats/Schiff:
🤡 started impeachment w/o vote
🤡 made-up @realDo…
## 06:28:27
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Proven liar Adam Schiff is correct – this is an impeachment*.
 
A partisan attempt to remove a duly elected president…
## 05:25:48
RT @IvankaTrump: Today, Honda signed the White House’s #PledgetoAmericasWorkers alongside @Jim_Jordan in Marysville, Ohio, committing to tr…
## 05:24:18
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@realDonaldTrump No better place on Earth to invest than US https://t.co/1XzyACUu3J  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 05:34:11
RT @NRSC: "Senate Republicans’ campaign committee raised a record sum of money in 2019"

Yeah we did. $70 million 💰💰💰 (cc: @DSCC) #HoldTheL…
## 05:29:38
RT @NRSC: Angry Dems have been working to impeach @realDonaldTrump since November 8, 2016. @SpeakerPelosi and House Dems caved to their far…
## 05:26:14
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: But Adam Schiff who ran that process now wants to talk about fairness? If it wasn’t for double standards the Democrats…
## 05:22:00
RT @WhiteHouse: At #wef20, President @realDonaldTrump discusses bringing the @FIFAWorldCup to the United States! ⚽ https://t.co/amDAHET2Gx
## 05:29:59
RT @cindyhydesmith: Hold. The. Line.
## 09:34:38
ENJOY! https://t.co/xqEoCLJy0Y
## 05:00:52
RT @GiannoCaldwell: I hope Republicans are paying close attention to this impeachment trial because it has proven that Democrats will use a…
## 05:13:10
RT @seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump 'We Will Never Let Socialists Destroy Our Economy or Wreck Our Country' https://t.co/BL9NuBLUP3
## 05:34:01
RT @NRSC: "Senator Collins is doing an incredible job looking out for the interests of Maine’s workers and industries." 

@SenatorCollins a…
## 05:25:05
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: He was very experienced🙄😉

Firm Employing Biden’s Brother Got More than $1.5 Billion in Contracts https://t.co/79mLl4Jn…
## 05:11:46
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Strange that all the hysterical media outlets have not yet issued @realDonaldTrump an apology. 

I won’t hold my breath.
## 05:33:40
RT @NRSC: We have the receipts @Hickenlooper. Care to comment? #COSen #copolitics https://t.co/TDz2eXuGVw https://t.co/TZalLjfU83
## 06:10:15
RT @SenateGOP: House Democrats’ process was a cover-up.

Ours will be transparent.

Their process was blindly partisan.

Ours will be impar…
## 05:36:08
RT @MarthaMcSally: NEW SHIRT!! 🚨 

I’m in the Senate to fight for all Arizonans, not play politics and games with the liberal hacks of the…
## 05:34:20
RT @NRSC: This isn’t the first time @Hickenlooper potentially took money that wasn’t his to use, and he’s betraying Coloradans by using the…
## 05:27:09
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Now Schiff is talking about Republicans misleading the Senate🤣.

After spending 3 years as the leader of the Russia col…
## 05:33:30
RT @NRSC: Last week on #PrimaryWatch, we took a closer look at North Carolina - where @EricaforUSSen20 is giving @chuckschumer's guy @Calfo…
## 05:06:22
RT @SteveScalise: Looks like Dems got all the way to the Senate before realizing their phony case doesn't hold up when they can't rig the r…
## 05:05:25
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats, the impeachment prosecutors, basically spent the entire day complaining about info they want but don’t have.…
## 05:07:07
RT @MZHemingway: Republican Senators taking advantage of Pelosi/media impeachment with a highly produced video touting their Constitutional…
