## 22:44:13
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump delivers remarks https://t.co/ELc2p01GZX
## 17:57:47
Anarchists, we see you! https://t.co/ov1dMLu4Eg
## 12:20:31
“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends  TRUE!
## 00:10:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody underst…
## 22:15:29
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
## 18:24:40
100% Correct. Thank you Tom! https://t.co/axdLX7kGNn
## 13:20:27
Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
## 00:09:21
FAKE NEWS!
## 18:08:07
RT @JonathanTurley: We have learned that two of those arrested for throwing Molotov cocktails at police vehicles are attorneys. Colinford M…
## 12:45:34
NOVEMBER 3RD.
## 13:28:52
“Trump” is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever! https://t.co/XIe2q6tGrg
## 12:27:12
“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends
