## 03:49:10
It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!
## 14:40:54
Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
## 03:30:26
Tomorrow @SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the #JUSTICEAct, up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
## 21:47:00
https://t.co/uVyINiSqH0
## 16:58:51
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn (and many others) for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama &amp; Biden?
## 14:47:54
RT @GOPLeader: The President tweets that people should stop breaking the law and Twitter moves to censor him.

The left is uncomfortable th…
## 04:26:29
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! https://t.co/jsohSb5QF6
## 01:21:21
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
## 14:47:12
RT @GOPLeader: The left-wing mob presents a serious threat to the American way of life. They won’t stop at statues. They've already torched…
## 19:21:58
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 22:10:48
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
