## 19:21:03
We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison! https://t.co/IrCl5Uo1Cy
## 14:41:50
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
## 10:46:46
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
## 19:25:52
RT @TeamTrump: Governor of Arizona Doug Ducey to President @realDonaldTrump on Border Security: “This is the first administration that has…
## 10:28:22
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!
## 02:34:03
So terrible! https://t.co/hSI9f2WW58
## 19:32:26
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is in Yuma, Arizona, to commemorate the completion of 200+ miles of border wall! https://t.co/4h…
## 19:18:45
RT @AllenWest: Just a basic perusal of the #BlackLivesMatter website will tell you all you need to know about their true agenda. Here's my…
## 10:54:20
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
## 00:00:57
RT @CortesSteve: Scenes from Antifastan:

A bunch of white extremists enforce racial segregation...in the name of tolerance...ish...

https…
## 02:46:34
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
## 14:41:52
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
## 00:00:24
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Trump just won 2020. (And Shaun King isn’t wrong about this, by the way. White Jesus never made sense to me. But I’m no…
## 02:35:25
Looks what’s going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested? https://t.co/2E1UbU5vNN
## 19:25:07
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!! https://t.co/bKFmgOLEGZ
## 00:06:18
I brought back Cars &amp; Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, &amp; everywhere else!!! https://t.co/PbJdI5T8WK
## 19:31:56
RT @KellyannePolls: #SchoolChoice gives parents the power to pick a better educational solution for their children. 

All Kids Matter. 

.@…
## 19:27:55
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will not let thugs destroy America's monuments! https://t.co/3wSwh0FKH5
## 04:53:51
RT @YonhapNews: (2nd LD) Cheong Wa Dae says much of Bolton's memoir on Korea 'distorted,' urges U.S. gov't to address such 'dangerous' case…
## 12:45:32
There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
## 22:33:15
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS delivers an address to young Americans https://t.co/fImwjHJAyh
## 04:39:14
Interesting guy. “Bolton is really dumb”.  True, and he broke the law! https://t.co/bP52vXukId
## 19:25:42
RT @TeamTrump: Rep. Debbie Lesko to President @realDonaldTrump on Border Security: “There is such a clear difference between you and your f…
## 10:46:44
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
## 04:53:06
See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information! https://t.co/lBWrmYxnka
## 17:23:40
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary.  He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley.
## 04:53:34
RT @koreatimescokr: Chung Eui-yong, director of national security at Cheong Wa Dae, said in a statement that much of it reflects what Bolto…
## 04:56:55
RT @TwitterMoments: “I think it was unquestionably a success for the United States because the President protected, defended American inter…
## 02:22:18
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
