## 01:18:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is…
## 01:15:24
RT @IvankaTrump: Happy Birthday ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩! Love you! 💛 https://t.co/hMEVRMC3W5
## 01:18:57
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it sho…
## 01:16:20
True! https://t.co/E8Fy0zuKQB
## 01:17:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
## 02:45:33
RT @TONYxTWO: @thejtlewis @JoeBiden https://t.co/SxzJCZ0BSi
## 02:37:01
RT @thejtlewis: With the utmost respect, I thank President @realDonaldTrump for his leadership on the Federal School Safety Report, and for…
## 03:27:56
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 02:22:23
RT @JaRonSmith45: “What speaks louder than anything are the words of the executive order. It accounted for ways that we can reform our syst…
## 01:15:55
RT @realDonaldTrump: Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do N…
## 01:18:39
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why the double standard?
## 01:15:10
RT @EricTrump: Jupiter Florida Trump 2020 Boat Parade!!!  Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/LZam4a6i15
## 01:20:16
RT @SecondLady: Congratulations to Kathy Lueders, a trailblazing engineer and dedicated public servant who has been selected as the first w…
## 01:20:31
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/wmHpSgCWoL
## 23:07:52
RT @WhiteHouse: After years of scandal and neglect, the Trump Administration has reorganized the Department of Veterans Affairs around the…
## 01:17:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has be…
## 01:15:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is…
## 01:18:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
## 02:38:20
RT @thejtlewis: “Trump isn’t going to accept the 2020 election results,” shout the people who still haven’t accepted the 2016 election resu…
## 02:31:11
A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven &amp; is very proud of his wonderful &amp; loving mom!!! https://t.co/ZzKUbjlOOT
