## 12:22:11
The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source. Bet they can’t do it, this “person” probably does not even exist! https://t.co/pdg4AjybOG
## 11:39:28
Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!! https://t.co/4Gg1iGOhyG
## 03:53:46
https://t.co/qbumF9Pu1D
## 12:16:20
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT @VP Mike Pence!
## 12:24:01
RT @NotHimNotAtAll: @Michael_Rae @RichardGrenell Ted Lieu is a friend and received donations from Ed Buck. The guy who was bringing in youn…
## 02:09:54
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: “The complaint, unsealed today, alleges that on June 22, 2020, the four men along with other unidentified individuals, d…
## 11:48:57
Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
## 02:22:43
https://t.co/vdkiANtemB
## 11:59:02
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends
## 11:28:19
...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden &amp; Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their “source”?
## 12:07:41
Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
## 12:37:54
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
## 11:28:18
Nobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News @nytimes. Everybody is denying it &amp; there have not been many attacks on us.....
