## 13:28:03
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
## 14:19:56
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 21:08:55
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
## 14:19:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
## 12:43:39
I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. He’s weak &amp; shot!!!
## 01:36:05
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: RT if you want to see General Flynn sue the FBI and it’s corrupt actors for all they’re worth and at the same time brin…
## 14:02:15
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &amp; Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
## 14:14:26
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
## 21:09:09
“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO” https://t.co/TGVxgIfTAa
## 02:54:31
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
