## 04:08:23
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump holds his bible up in front of St. John's church in Washington D.C., which was burned by thugs la…
## 01:59:15
RT @NASA: This is the first time in human history @NASA_Astronauts have entered the @Space_Station from a commercially-made spacecraft. @As…
## 02:02:58
RT @SpaceX: Live webcast of Crew Dragon’s test flight with @NASA astronauts @AstroBehnken and @Astro_Doug → https://t.co/bJFjLCzWdK  https:…
## 13:24:50
Congressman Andy Harris (@Harris4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MD01
https://t.co/E3tP4ta6Qf
## 04:08:39
RT @MariaBartiromo: This is 🇺🇸 &amp; tonight a show of STRENGTH. We discuss ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ message/gesture tonight.  #RuleOfLaw #J…
## 02:04:34
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump holds a bible up outside the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest near…
## 04:01:05
Thank you Mark! https://t.co/63rw0z8AYQ
## 13:19:45
D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!).
## 02:02:43
RT @SpaceX: Docking confirmed – Crew Dragon has arrived at the @space_station! https://t.co/KiKBpZ8R2H
## 04:05:49
RT @GeraldoRivera: I send deep love &amp; heartfelt condolence to the family of 
#GeorgeFloyd. 
We love you George &amp; hate how you died. God res…
## 03:59:56
RT @ErinMPerrine: No. No he isn’t.

He is protecting Americans. He is protecting America.

President @realDonaldTrump is putting America fi…
## 04:06:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I…
## 01:57:07
RT @KristinFisher: I almost can’t believe what I’m seeing. POTUS just walked out the front door of the White House and into Lafayette Squar…
## 03:08:41
Great! https://t.co/mzKWU72bkb
## 02:03:04
RT @elonmusk: Nine years later
## 02:04:27
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump walks from the White House to the Historic St. John’s Church that was damaged during a night of unrest.…
## 04:01:29
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Powerful words from @realDonaldTrump tonight making it clear all Americans are going to be protected.

This is what we…
## 00:09:16
My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do… https://t.co/pvFxxi9BTR
## 01:49:46
YES! https://t.co/axdLX7kGNn
## 03:57:14
Fake News. Couldn’t hear them during speech! https://t.co/4NEBSA3k1h
## 02:02:10
RT @SpaceX: Liftoff! https://t.co/DRBfdUM7JA
## 13:25:48
Congressman Greg Pence (@GregPenceIN) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda. Greg has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement! #IN06 https://t.co/r5IwFc05Nj
## 04:09:01
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump delivers a powerful speech on LAW &amp; ORDER in the United States of America! https://t.co/c0onK6J6KM
## 13:25:02
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02
## 01:59:43
RT @AstroBehnken: Huge thank you to @NASA, @SpaceX, and America for making this possible! https://t.co/xp8XCpU2HD
## 04:02:08
RT @MZHemingway: “Healing not hatred, justice not chaos” — @realDonaldTrump
## 03:50:33
RT @marc_lotter: NEVER FORGET that Joe Biden’s team is helping bailout people arrested during these riots.
## 04:03:25
RT @parscale: So Twitter partners with the #FakeNews media to censor @realDonaldTrump but they leave @JoeBiden &amp; Communist Chinese propagan…
## 02:40:07
RT @dougmillsnyt: Plant workers and officials look on as @realDonaldTrump  makes remarks at the Ford Rawsonville Components Plant in Ypsila…
## 03:58:17
RT @SarahHuckabee: The desecration of St. John’s church by an angry mob was an act of cowardice. President Trump standing before it and hol…
## 13:28:27
Chris Jacobs (@JacobsNY27) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23! #NY27 https://t.co/LYowAxQqfp
## 04:00:17
RT @KyleMartinsen_: Martha MacCallum: "@realDonaldTrump walking through this area...retaking this territory where we saw such extraordinary…
## 03:59:41
RT @EliseStefanik: This is an incredibly important moment as the President @realDonaldTrump deliver remarks to the American people and walk…
## 13:26:46
Congressman Dusty Johnson (@DustyJohnson) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDAL
https://t.co/H413O6RvwN
## 13:26:17
Senator Mike Rounds (@RoundsforSenate) continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SDSen
https://t.co/qM8LsXR9tN
## 04:01:59
RT @ErinMPerrine: "These are not acts of peaceful protest. These are acts of domestic terror."

President @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸
## 13:33:43
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife &amp; Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
## 03:50:01
RT @FrancisBrennan: "Biden staff donate to group that pays bail in riot-torn Minneapolis" https://t.co/BtVLO1caF1
## 13:04:20
RT @JohnJamesMI: This is about you, the people of Michigan. This is the greatest country in the world, because of people like you, not poli…
## 02:02:26
RT @SpaceX: Crew Dragon has separated from Falcon 9’s second stage and is on its way to the International Space Station with @Astro_Behnken…
## 02:02:04
RT @elonmusk: 5 mins to T-0
## 04:08:11
RT @greta: People who hate @realDonaldTrump will criticize his walk to St. John’s..People who love @realDonaldTrump will be in awe of it..w…
## 03:58:02
RT @RealSaavedra: He had 8 years to do it when he was vice president
## 03:42:19
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Strong words by @realDonaldTrump to fill the breach of Mayors/Govs who need to do more to restore order. 

Peaceful prote…
## 03:59:05
RT @thehannahjane: MY President 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump knows that what our country needs right now is God 🙏🏼✝️
## 03:54:09
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Team Trump Online with @LaraLeaTrump, @MikeGarcia2020, and @TomTiffanyWI! #TeamTrump

Text TRUMP to 88022 https://t.c…
## 03:49:46
RT @FrancisBrennan: Apple doesn't fall far from the tree. 

"Son of Minnesota’s attorney general: 'I hereby declare, officially, my support…
## 13:25:38
Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN03 https://t.co/fdDeqYXQ2C
## 03:49:15
RT @Surabees: I look forward to every "fact checker" in the media giving @JoeBiden 4 big Pinocchios for this whopper of a lie that he calle…
## 02:06:15
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump &amp; @FLOTUS board Air Force One at Joint Base Andrews, Md. for a trip to Florida to watch the viewing of…
## 02:02:15
RT @SpaceX: Falcon 9 booster has landed on the Of Course I Still Love You droneship! https://t.co/96Nd3vsrT2
## 03:16:45
Can’t let this happen! https://t.co/M4SwPgFlIm
## 03:18:30
RT @DaveofCO: @ShaneGoldmacher @RevFisk donate blue if you like this! 

https://t.co/x3qEDsYIhA
## 13:25:58
Congressman Russ Fulcher (@RussFulcher) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID01
## 04:05:58
RT @GOPChairwoman: President @realDonaldTrump is right.
 
We need law and order to stop the violent destruction of people’s livelihoods and…
## 04:01:48
RT @ErinMPerrine: “By far, our greatest days lie ahead.” 

President @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸
## 03:54:24
RT @RichardGrenell: The President of the United States @realDonaldTrump has just walked from the White House to St John’s Church where riot…
## 03:46:35
RT @FrancisBrennan: “Twitter Censors President Trump But Not Communist China? Something Doesn’t Add Up” https://t.co/PLWbEsIcHH
## 13:26:07
Congressman Mike Simpson (@MikeSimpson4ID) is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #ID02
 https://t.co/vthaNF7s9f
## 02:39:24
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump &amp; @FLOTUS participate in a Memorial Day Ceremony at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine,…
## 03:58:49
RT @TimMurtaugh: This is a flat out lie.

The President spoke at length about George Floyd, the protests, and the rioting in nationally tel…
## 03:50:53
RT @ErinMPerrine: “I stand before you as a friend &amp; ally to every American seeking justice and peace. And I stand before you in firm opposi…
## 04:07:51
RT @WhiteHouse: After delivering remarks in the Rose Garden, President @realDonaldTrump walked to St. John's Episcopal Church. https://t.co…
## 03:41:29
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The rioters aren’t listening, they have no respect, and they aren’t slowing down on their own. These are criminals and ma…
