## 18:40:37
It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a...
## 12:51:05
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends
## 18:40:38
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
## 12:32:03
RT @DanCrenshawTX: This is dangerous, counterproductive, and deeply irrational. “Defund the police” is not a call from the fringes of the f…
## 13:32:44
“For the first time in history, Police Organizations &amp; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, &amp; there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, &amp; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier
## 17:41:36
RT @SteveGuest: Last night’s primaries were an emphatic reminder of the enthusiasm for @realDonaldTrump's agenda that is sweeping the natio…
## 22:17:51
So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it! https://t.co/fVhkCz89g5
## 21:22:00
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
## 02:10:06
https://t.co/FKGagCwNZ2
## 02:02:15
“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police” https://t.co/AAJiCHsqTp
## 21:37:33
Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick (@RichforGA) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA #GA07 https://t.co/5lvlSoaoU2
## 14:56:15
Incredible!  @FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!
## 00:45:02
Thank you George, great honor! https://t.co/1WzkcvLpnR
## 02:14:00
https://t.co/lEwOBtMVUf
## 14:33:19
Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
## 21:23:30
Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, @NancyMace! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA! We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement! #SC01 https://t.co/GBe7NJBztj
## 12:49:28
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!
## 21:21:12
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!
