## 04:08:02
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
## 04:28:27
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: The 20 most dangerous American cities are Democrat run https://t.co/gb9rnYtfhA
## 04:19:06
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper  A great new book!
## 04:27:07
RT @WhiteHouse: Achieving the best outcomes for vulnerable children and families in America is a priority for both President @realDonaldTru…
## 00:40:04
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
## 04:11:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great!  Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
## 04:29:08
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the destroying of statues: “Not going to happen while I’m here.” https://t.co/l4bguSWJix
## 04:10:34
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped,…
## 04:27:19
RT @WhiteHouse: The left is determined to tear down America's cultural heritage and history. 

Not on President @realDonaldTrump's watch. h…
## 04:26:20
RT @IngrahamAngle: This is beautiful and will have an enormously positive impact on both foster children and the parents who want to adopt…
## 04:10:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of ca…
## 04:27:31
RT @Mike_Pence: Today, President @realDonaldTrump signed a historic child welfare executive order, bringing all adoption partners to the ta…
## 04:11:02
RT @realDonaldTrump: A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA! https://t.co/jsohSb5QF6
## 03:45:44
....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
