## 03:24:55
RT @PressSec: “Law and Order are the building blocks of the American Dream, but if anarchy prevails, this dream comes crumbling down!”

Pre…
## 15:14:09
RT @tedcruz: These movements to abolish and dismantle police departments are stark raving nuts...

More on #Verdict with @tedcruz and @Mich…
## 03:27:01
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: President @realDonaldTrump stands against defunding our police, caving to mob…
## 12:14:44
RT @GeraldoRivera: After enjoying big splash from sensational #RussianBounty expose, #NYT retreating to shore-admitting "the underlying int…
## 22:46:40
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
## 22:52:02
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
## 15:12:43
RT @marcorubio: Ironically many of those now politicizing the recent report in the NYT questioned,disputed &amp;/or downplayed indisputable pro…
## 14:21:45
RT @ChuckGrassley: .@realDonaldTrump #CommonSense Trump shld be re-elected if for no other reason than he is the first Pres to challenge Ch…
## 03:26:52
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany: There is no stronger advocate for our servicemen and women than President @rea…
## 03:24:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden oversaw an anemic recovery while he was Vice President, and he would be a disaster for the economy as Presiden…
## 15:11:54
RT @tedcruz: Why is Google financially supporting people who advocate racial violence &amp; murder?
## 23:10:59
https://t.co/RZlHu0AOdj
## 18:59:36
https://t.co/bnQMEO2i9u
## 12:11:23
RT @Jim_Jordan: Congratulations to my good friend @JamesComer on being named Ranking Member of @GOPoversight. 

He’ll be a fierce watchdog…
## 23:41:44
RT @RoyalFamily: Today, The Queen spoke to President Trump by telephone from Windsor Castle ahead of Independence Day in the United States…
## 14:49:02
THE LONE WARRIOR!
## 03:28:12
RT @GeraldoRivera: Here’s #RussianBounty story in a nutshell:
1-US raid randomly discovers wad of cash in Afghan hut (How much? In a safe?…
## 15:09:33
RT @GOPLeader: RT if you support our police officers who put on their uniforms every day to carry out the oath to protect and serve our com…
## 14:06:20
RT @GOPLeader: Dozens of Democrat Representatives are getting paid for NOT working. They are staying home, skipping votes, and still collec…
## 03:27:36
RT @TeamTrump: White House Press Secretary @KayleighMcEnany on President @realDonaldTrump’s Executive Order protecting monuments: “There wi…
## 03:25:10
RT @WhiteHouse: "President @realDonaldTrump stands against defunding our great police officers, caving to mob rule, and cancel culture whic…
## 14:10:41
RT @ODNIgov: DNI Ratcliffe issues statement on impact of unauthorized disclosures on force protection https://t.co/Pr7PbWk443
## 14:09:25
RT @GOPLeader: America's testing capacity is up. Positive rates are down. But we haven't yet won this fight.

Live at 10:30am ET→ @HouseGOP…
## 15:09:26
RT @GOPLeader: If countless businesses can figure out how to operate safely, then it's past time that Pelosi and Democrats in Congress do t…
## 23:00:17
This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020
## 03:21:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: We are witnessing the Great American Comeback!
 
Record-breaking rebound in home sales, coming on the heels of a record…
## 14:13:54
Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks! https://t.co/R6VSSFE9Q0
## 15:11:57
RT @tedcruz: Father of our country. These leftist vandals hate America.
## 13:16:36
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
## 14:10:19
RT @ODNIgov: Statement by DNI Ratcliffe: "I have confirmed that neither the President nor the Vice President were ever briefed on any intel…
