## 00:11:47
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
## 12:46:54
RT @MaxBlumenthal: John Bolton, a notoriously mendacious enemy of all living beings on the planet, is discovering what every other great Re…
## 00:00:32
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!
## 12:50:43
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
## 02:27:33
https://t.co/3lm1spbU8X
## 04:13:52
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent! https://t.co/vVW3rKiwSz
## 12:48:30
.@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
## 02:28:52
https://t.co/VLlc0BHW41
## 12:54:13
“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews
## 12:44:51
“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022  Hot book, great author!
## 04:10:12
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies &amp; fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized &amp; happily dumped. What a dope!
## 02:28:38
https://t.co/vpCE5MadUz
## 12:43:04
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
## 13:08:10
Bolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
