## 10:58:10
RT @BuckSexton: These are Democrats who are ruining cities across the country 

Yes, I mean the politicians in charge- but also the rioters…
## 10:19:02
RT @SenTedCruz: .@FoxNews: Sen. Cruz: Rioting cannot be tolerated, this is 'terrorist assault' on America https://t.co/l8ShTS1zVJ
## 10:07:18
RT @RandPaul: I joined @charliekirk11 on his podcast to discuss why there is a need to safely reopen America! Tune in! https://t.co/qA0djmk…
## 00:16:23
“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters” https://t.co/oAXU6WMQPf
## 10:54:52
The National Guard is ready! https://t.co/AifVRgWOlM
## 10:07:50
RT @RandPaul: Outrage isn't enough. We need true action to protect the privacy of American citizens.
https://t.co/Z1FD2DIZtt
## 22:55:47
RT @SenTomCotton: The nation must restore order. The military stands ready. https://t.co/SW68y6wvds
## 10:07:40
RT @RandPaul: Unmasking essentially is an end-run around the Constitution. The lesson that we should all be taking away from this is not “M…
## 11:04:30
The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT! https://t.co/LHIYoo92zx
## 10:30:44
Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50%. People are tired of his act. @CNN IS DYING! https://t.co/lFDqV6zEXP
## 10:58:16
RT @BuckSexton: Getting real-time updates on a jewelry store looting from a friend watching it on his terrace down below at street level, p…
## 11:18:04
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
## 10:33:17
RT @ScottAdamsSays: CNN says there are some fine people marching with the looters and domestic terrorists.
## 11:07:04
RT @MikeCrapo: This fall, many Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage will have a maximum $35 out-of-pocket copay for a m…
## 01:06:33
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
## 04:29:54
So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?
## 13:02:59
If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA &amp; others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
## 11:07:18
RT @MikeCrapo: I introduced the Lower Costs, More Cures Act, which contains similar proposals for the reduction of insulin and other prescr…
## 01:30:35
Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you! https://t.co/0ouUpoJEQ4
## 01:06:32
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of...
## 10:50:58
RT @BuckSexton: American carnage: These aren't protests — they're riots. Someone must end the lawlessness. https://t.co/iOlc9DOtJm
## 11:07:53
RT @SecretarySonny: The goodness of America was on display @athenafarms in Atlanta today. I saw @USDA’s Farmers to Families Food Box distri…
## 10:55:22
RT @BuckSexton: Go through CNN’s official twitter feed right now. It’s a master class in propaganda. 

You’ll get the impression all protes…
## 04:15:09
Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews  Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
## 10:22:56
RT @esaagar: 58% of Americans support sending the military in to supplement police force to quell riots

Compare that to the twitter discou…
## 10:52:23
RT @dagenmcdowell: Business owners in NYC are not allowed open up their doors, while thieves and vandals and rioters are allowed to break d…
## 09:52:52
I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run &amp; managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position! https://t.co/F7quFwVPVF
## 04:15:55
RT @realDonaldTrump: SILENT MAJORITY!
## 11:27:11
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!
## 10:18:46
RT @SenateGOP: 🚀 🇺🇸

we're back. https://t.co/0m8h64qaSN
## 11:19:45
LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 10:26:35
RT @seanmdav: The same government officials who threw a woman in jail for opening a hair salon, arrested a pastor for leading worship, and…
## 10:17:57
So true! https://t.co/5w17du8qk6
## 10:17:00
RT @SenTedCruz: PREVIEW of tomorrow’s @senjudiciary #Rosenstein hearing: We’re looking for the truth about the Obama Administration officia…
## 10:25:47
RT @esaagar: 1/ My appearance with @TuckerCarlson Tonight: 

The cultural elites want to us to believe we're an irredeemably racist nation…
## 10:34:09
RT @LeeSmithDC: Heartbreaking. Greatest police force in the world reduced to this—tasked to bully Orthodox Jews and bend a knee to terroris…
## 10:49:34
RT @BuckSexton: #Cuomo, #DeBlasio ‘Abject Fools’ Not up to Challenge 

https://t.co/QKyNJJ6FzY
## 02:57:30
“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews  When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
## 10:49:52
RT @BuckSexton: Remember, if you don’t social distance, you’re literally killing people. That’s what they told us. The “experts.”
## 13:07:26
In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with...
## 10:20:33
RT @JackPosobiec: BREAKING:

I have established a memorial fund for the family of Captain David Dorn 
https://t.co/uYHShTo5rU
## 13:07:28
....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above.
## 02:41:32
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters https://t.co/3crnij4pWT Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Don’t burn down churches. This article is a must read!
## 11:00:46
RT @seanmdav: You wore blackface (or possibly even a KKK hood) and lied about it. https://t.co/lMQH44ExJ9
## 10:47:48
Get tough police! https://t.co/nsaZYrJe9c
## 10:46:46
Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real @JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &amp; then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along &amp; run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!
## 01:08:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: LAW &amp; ORDER!
## 10:16:37
Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE! https://t.co/it9tryS8sk
## 10:48:10
RT @BuckSexton: We were lectured for 3 years by liberal columnists about how Trump was “undermining our institutions”

And now those same c…
## 04:06:50
RT @mghjmh: @Justin12393LEE @tinastullracing @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/VIZ5i4YNxu
## 02:28:09
You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read @MZHemingway below. https://t.co/PbVaUcKmXf
## 10:19:31
RT @dcexaminer: "I am glad the president, yesterday, led by going to St. John's Church, a historic church in our capital city that was fire…
## 03:58:26
New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor &amp; @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
## 10:08:26
RT @SenTedCruz: Every American has a right to peaceably express their freedom of speech.
 
That doesn't include:
✖️Rioting
✖️Looting
✖️Ligh…
